## JENNIFER TRAN

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=HK4%2b72zBJZm7cp3s7lvAKbnCIhWf&rnd=15cca110-22b0-48fe-
af42-08996cb72f76)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=15318007)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. . Evaluating the Effectiveness of Perioperative Guidelines in Sickle Cell Disease(SCD) patients undergoing General Anesthesia at the University of Michigan: A 10 year Review of SCD Peri-operative Morbidity and Mortality. 2016. [View Publication](https://10thsicklecelldiseaseresear2016.sched.com/event/5wnm/breakout-session-disease-severity-evaluation).

  2. Wang J, **Tran J** , Wang H, Guo C, Harro D, Campbell AD, Eitzman DT. mTOR Inhibition improves anaemia and reduces organ damage in a murine model of sickle cell disease. Br J Haematol. 2016 08; 174(3):461-9. PMID: [27030515](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27030515); PMCID: [PMC4959967](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4959967).

Citations:
[17](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27030515/citedby/) Fields:

Hem Hematology

Translation:AnimalsCells

  3. Wang J, **Tran J** , Wang H, Luo W, Guo C, Harro D, Campbell AD, Eitzman DT. Melanoma tumor growth is accelerated in a mouse model of sickle cell disease. Exp Hematol Oncol. 2015; 4:19. PMID: [26161296](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26161296); PMCID: [PMC4496890](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4496890).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26161296/citedby/)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 3 publications over 2 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in
2016](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,100,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2015| 1  
2016| 2  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

TRAN's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (13)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Benzoxazoles](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/256999)
  * [Anemia, Sickle Cell](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/260382)
  * [Sirolimus](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/246743)
  * [TOR Serine-Threonine Kinases](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27546038)
  * [Pyrimidines](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/256941)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15318007/198)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [KANTARJIAN, HAGOP M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582901)
  * [CORTES, JORGE E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582539)
  * [VERSTOVSEK, SRDAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583330)
  * [MERIC-BERNSTAM, FUNDA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583329)
  * [TUBMAN, VENEE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/20424276)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15318007/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [BISTA, RANJAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/45080771)
  * [FLORES, RICARDO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265633)
  * [POREA, TIM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/7968112)
  * [PRUDOWSKY, ZACHARY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/24845064)
  * [SHAPIRO, MARY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010669)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

