## RACHEL MAREK

| | Title| Associate Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=BKoz6WDLbqb0VIrmwHnBJ%2fqJIwQ%3d&rnd=b7b5c848-034e-478f-9fa5-ad567669ce50)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=17822555)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Jackson K, **Marek R** , Fromme HB, Yildiz V. A Survey Study of Motivators for Pediatric Hospitalists to Work in the Community. Hosp Pediatr. 2024 Apr 01; 14(4):217-224. PMID: [38433702](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38433702).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  2. Mehta M, **Marek R** , Arthur C, [Starke J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269621), [Dutta A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8183291). LOCALIZED MYOSITIS AND TRANSIENT ENCEPHALOPATHY AS PRESENTING SYMPTOMS IN MURINE TYPHUS. Pediatr Infect Dis J. 2024 Feb 26. PMID: [38451920](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38451920).

Citations:  Fields:

Com Communicable DiseasesPed Pediatrics

  3. Mike TB, **Marek R** , Jackson K, Lee S, Fromme HB. Pediatric Hospital Medicine: Cultivating a Sustainable Field. Hosp Pediatr. 2024 Feb 01; 14(2):e120-e122. PMID: [38282521](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38282521).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  4. Kim TY, Jackson K, **Marek R** , Kumar S, Fromme HB. Impact of COVID-19 on the Sense of Job Security Among Community Pediatric Hospitalists. Hosp Pediatr. 2023 05 01; 13(5):443-450. PMID: [37009686](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37009686).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:HumansPHPublic Health

  5. . Caring for the Hospitalized Child A Handbook of Inpatient Pediatrics. 2023; 397-402.

  6. [Edwards S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830412), [Kumar S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17062677), Lee S, Pali BL, **Marek RL** , [Dutta A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8183291). Epidemiology and variability in management of acute mastoiditis in children. Am J Otolaryngol. 2022 Sep-Oct; 43(5):103520. PMID: [35724628](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35724628).

Citations:  Fields:

Oto Otolaryngology

  7. . How Is Diarrhea Like Heavy Metal Music? 10 Medical Analogy Cartoons. 2021. [View Publication](https://www.medscape.com/slideshow/cartoon-analogies-6013542#5).

  8. Jackson K, **Marek R** , Fromme HB. Career Motivators for Community Pediatric Hospitalists. Hosp Pediatr. 2019 10; 9(10):788-793. PMID: [31534002](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31534002).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  9. **Marek RL** , White AA. Nurturing Sustainability in a Growing Community Pediatric Hospital Medicine Workforce. J Hosp Med. 2019 11 01; 14(11):721-722. PMID: [31433776](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31433776).

Citations:  Fields:

Hos Hospitals

Translation:Humans

  10. . Caring for the Hospitalized Child Editors: Jeffrey C. Gershel, MD, FAAP and Daniel A. Rauch, MD, FAAP, FHM. Disaster Preparedness. 2017; 343-346. [View Publication](https://shop.aap.org/caring-for-the-hospitalized-child-paperback/).

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 10 publications over 6 distinct years, with a maximum of 3
publications in
2024](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|3&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,33,0,67,0,33,33,67,100&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2017| 1  
2019| 2  
2021| 1  
2022| 1  
2023| 2  
2024| 3  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

MAREK's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (32)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Hospitalists](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/254166)
  * [Hospital Medicine](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27547200)
  * [Mastoiditis](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/248614)
  * [Hospitals, Pediatric](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/239860)
  * [Medicine](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/261955)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17822555/198)

_

Co-Authors (4)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [DUTTA, ANKHI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8183291)
  * [EDWARDS, STEPHEN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830412)
  * [STARKE, JEFFREY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269621)
  * [KUMAR, SHELLEY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17062677)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17822555/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [LIN, DORIS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2619397)
  * [QUINONEZ, RICARDO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269835)
  * [MANZANO, JOANNA-GRACE MAYO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583970)
  * [BRUERA, EDUARDO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582968)
  * [KAPLAN, SHELDON](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266443)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17822555/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [BARAK, GAL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/35073114)
  * [CLARY, CODY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/40674821)
  * [MOTHNER, BRENT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270284)
  * [UREMOVICH, VICKI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15317881)
  * [WALLACE, SOWDHAMINI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265883)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

