## KATHERINE CUTITTA

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=Haok6WDVKYXwCKz49HLWPrWsJRKH2SAGBQ%3d%3d&rnd=dcbb980f-0cb9-4a7a-ac6d-797082b37255)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=17873535)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=17873535&cachekey=9d97ff6c-f360-4a5d-8679-e085ea13a6b9)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Pill-swallowing training in pediatric psychology practice: Applied intervention to promote adherence to oral medication. Clinical Practice in Pediatric Psychology. 2023; 10(4):428–439. [View Publication](https://doi.org/10.1037/cpp0000460).

  2. Gonzalez VJ, Kimbro RT, Shabosky JC, [Kostelyna S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/51399053), [Fasipe T](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009864), [Villafranco N](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15317791), **Cutitta KE** , [Lopez KN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269906). Racial Disparities in Mental Health Disorders in Youth with Chronic Medical Conditions. J Pediatr. 2023 08; 259:113411. PMID: [37030612](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37030612); PMCID: [PMC10524229](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10524229).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  3. Agrawal H, Mery CM, Sami SA, [Qureshi AM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010572), Noel CV, **Cutitta K** , [Masand P](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269955), Tejtel SKS, Wang Y, [Molossi S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266489). Decreased Quality of Life in Children With Anomalous Aortic Origin of a Coronary Artery. World J Pediatr Congenit Heart Surg. 2021 Mar; 12(2):204-210. PMID: [33684009](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33684009).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  4. Gonzalez VJ, Kimbro RT, **Cutitta KE** , Shabosky JC, [Bilal MF](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/49330029), [Penny DJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266148), [Lopez KN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269906). Mental Health Disorders in Children With Congenital Heart Disease. Pediatrics. 2021 02; 147(2). PMID: [33397689](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33397689); PMCID: [PMC7849200](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7849200).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33397689/citedby/) Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  5. **Cutitta K** , [Lantin-Hermoso MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265606). Evaluating Quality of Life in Young School-Aged Children With Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome. Pediatrics. 2019 11; 144(5). PMID: [31628207](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31628207).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  6. **Cutitta KE** , [Self M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267874), de la Uz C. Postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome (POTS) in teens: A guide for behavior change to manage symptoms. Pacing Clin Electrophysiol. 2019 02; 42(2):283-286. PMID: [30520065](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30520065).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyPhy Physiology

Translation:Humans

  7. [Self MM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267874), Fobian A, **Cutitta K** , Wallace A, [Lotze TE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267050). Health-Related Quality of Life in Pediatric Patients With Demyelinating Diseases: Relevance of Disability, Relapsing Presentation, and Fatigue. J Pediatr Psychol. 2018 03 01; 43(2):133-142. PMID: [29049805](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29049805).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29049805/citedby/) Fields:

Ped PediatricsPsy Psychology

Translation:Humans

  8. Allen, H., Driscoll, D.J., Feltes, T.F., & Shaddy, R.E. Beyond the Cardiac Device: Comprehensive Care of Children and Young Adults with Implantable Cardiac Devices. In Moss & Adams’ Heart Disease in Infants, Children, and Adolescents. 2016.

  9. **Cutitta K** , Ladd R, Buzenski J, Fairbrother D, Sears SF. Heart smart guide for young patients with cardiac devices. Circulation. 2015 Feb 03; 131(5):e330-4. PMID: [25645615](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25645615).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  10. **Cutitta KE** , Woodrow LK, Ford J, Shea J, Fischer A, Hazelton G, Sears SF. Shocktivity: ability and avoidance of daily activity behaviors in ICD patients. J Cardiopulm Rehabil Prev. 2014 Jul-Aug; 34(4):241-7. PMID: [24667666](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24667666).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24667666/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyPhy Physical and Rehabilitation MePul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  11. Sears SF, Woodrow L, **Cutitta K** , Ford J, Shea JB, Cahill J. A patient's guide to living confidently with chronic heart failure. Circulation. 2013 Apr 02; 127(13):e525-8. PMID: [23547183](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23547183).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23547183/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  12. Ford J, Finch JF, Woodrow LK, **Cutitta KE** , Shea J, Fischer A, Hazelton G, Sears SF. The Florida Shock Anxiety Scale (FSAS) for patients with implantable cardioverter defibrillators: testing factor structure, reliability, and validity of a previously established measure. Pacing Clin Electrophysiol. 2012 Sep; 35(9):1146-53. PMID: [22758923](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22758923).

Citations:
[9](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22758923/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyPhy Physiology

Translation:HumansCTClinical Trials

  13. Winstead-Derlega C, Rafaly M, Delgado S, Freeman J, **Cutitta K** , Miles T, Ingersoll K, Dillingham R. A pilot study of delivering peer health messages in an HIV clinic via mobile media. Telemed J E Health. 2012 Jul-Aug; 18(6):464-9. PMID: [22732025](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22732025); PMCID: [PMC3399111](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3399111).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22732025/citedby/) Fields:

Hea Health ServicesMed Medical Informatics

Translation:Humans

  14. Caring for the heart and mind in ICD patients. Cardiac Electrophysiology Clinics. 2011; 451-462.

  15. In Moorman, C. T., Kirkendall, D. T., & Echemendia, R. J. (Eds). Psychological care of student athletes in a university environment. Praeger Handbook of Sports Medicine and Athlete Health. 2010; 135-154.

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 15 publications over 11 distinct years, with a maximum of
2 publications in 2012 and 2018 and 2021 and
2023](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,50,100,50,50,50,50,0,100,50,0,100,0,100,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2010| 1  
2011| 1  
2012| 2  
2013| 1  
2014| 1  
2015| 1  
2016| 1  
2018| 2  
2019| 1  
2021| 2  
2023| 2  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

CUTITTA's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (72)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/264779)
  * [Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/256973)
  * [Behavior Therapy](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/254842)
  * [Escape Reaction](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/244434)
  * [Athletic Performance](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/242112)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17873535/198)

_

Co-Authors (13)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [LANTIN-HERMOSO, M. REGINA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265606)
  * [LOPEZ, KEILA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269906)
  * [SELF, MARIELLA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267874)
  * [MOLOSSI, SILVANA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266489)
  * [LOTZE, TIMOTHY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267050)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17873535/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [STORCH, ERIC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478906)
  * [BRUERA, EDUARDO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582968)
  * [ADACHI, IKI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269319)
  * [SOHAIL, MUHAMMAD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31636184)
  * [CALDARONE, CHRISTOPHER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/28999164)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17873535/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [HUGHES, MACKENZIE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/35555210)
  * [MEINERT, ALLISON](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/38207131)
  * [NOLL, LISA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265703)
  * [TEASDALE, ASHLEY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/28999549)
  * [WOLFE, RACHEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010447)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

