## AHARON GLADSTEIN

| | Title| Associate Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Orthopedic Surgery  
Address|  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=N6w84GHUNI7VRIzgrn7GPw%3d%3d&rnd=3166bab6-1b7a-401d-940f-3b8cccb38628)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=20310290)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. [Schultz RJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267701), Amaral JZ, Bridges CS, [Allen JY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268104), Bih ES, [Cruz AT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269697), **Gladstein AZ** , [Henkel EB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010294), Kraus SJ, Smith BG, [Wall JC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/41109773), [Kan JH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266180). Gartland classification concordance of supracondylar fractures among pediatric emergency medicine physicians, radiologists, and orthopedic surgeons. Pediatr Radiol. 2024 Jun; 54(7):1180-1186. PMID: [38693251](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38693251).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped PediatricsRad RadiologyRad Radiotherapy

Translation:Humans

  2. Bridges CS, Taylor TN, Han A, **Gladstein AZ** , Smith BG, [Kan JH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266180). The Gartland classification for expediting supracondylar humerus fracture triage: a collaborative approach to structured reporting between pediatric radiologists and orthopedists. Clin Imaging. 2024 May; 109:110118. PMID: [38520814](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38520814).

Citations:  Fields:

Dia Diagnostic Imaging

Translation:Humans

  3. Silverstein RS, Barzilla JA, **Gladstein AZ**. Arthroscopic Repair of Radial Tears in the Junction of the Anterior Horn and Body of the Lateral Meniscus Using an All-Inside Device. Arthrosc Tech. 2022 Oct; 11(10):e1811-e1816. PMID: [36311326](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36311326); PMCID: [PMC9596723](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9596723).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/36311326/citedby/)

  4. Hesse DG, Finlayson CJ, **Gladstein AZ** , Samet JD. Pediatric discoid meniscus: can magnetic resonance imaging features coupled with clinical symptoms predict the need for surgery? Pediatr Radiol. 2021 Aug; 51(9):1696-1704. PMID: [33944960](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33944960).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped PediatricsRad RadiologyRad Radiotherapy

Translation:Humans

  5. Utturkar AA, Ditzler MG, Schallert EK, [Jadhav SP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267624), Smith BG, **Gladstein AZ** , [Kan JH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266180). Pediatric Bassett's ligament: pathology or normal anatomy? Pediatr Radiol. 2021 Jun; 51(7):1237-1242. PMID: [33595702](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33595702).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped PediatricsRad RadiologyRad Radiotherapy

Translation:Humans

  6. Sachleben B, Ho ES, Anthony A, Clarke HM, Hopyan S, **Gladstein AZ**. Forearm Pronation Osteotomy for Supination Contracture Secondary to Obstetrical Brachial Plexus Palsy: A Retrospective Cohort Study. J Pediatr Orthop. 2017 Sep; 37(6):e357-e363. PMID: [28719548](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28719548).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28719548/citedby/) Fields:

Ort OrthopedicsPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  7. **Gladstein AZ** , van Dijck S, Wasserman JD, Howard A. Painful Hips and a Nodular Neck: Bilateral Slipped Capital Femoral Epiphysis Leading to the Diagnosis of Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia: A Case Report. JBJS Case Connect. 2015 Oct-Dec; 5(4):e106. PMID: [29252812](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29252812).

Citations:  Fields:

Ort Orthopedics

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 7 publications over 5 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in 2021 and
2024](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,0,50,0,0,0,100,50,0,100&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2015| 1  
2017| 1  
2021| 2  
2022| 1  
2024| 2  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

GLADSTEIN's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (33)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Pronation](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/256029)
  * [Brachial Plexus Neuropathies](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/242012)
  * [Contracture](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/260594)
  * [Forearm](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/260110)
  * [Osteotomy](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/262992)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/20310290/198)

_

Co-Authors (7)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [KAN, J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266180)
  * [SCHULTZ, REBECCA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267701)
  * [CRUZ, ANDREA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269697)
  * [ALLEN, JOSEPH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268104)
  * [HENKEL, ERIN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010294)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/20310290/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [PARIKH, JAY R](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583232)
  * [KAN, J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266180)
  * [STORCH, ERIC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478906)
  * [ROHRICH, RODNEY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/30445263)
  * [SINGH, JASVINDER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/47100929)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/20310290/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [CASELLA, STEPHANIE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/47100906)
  * [COUASNAY, GREIG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16960387)
  * [GEROW, FRANK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268026)
  * [JOSHI, AJEYA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12243194)
  * [WARMAN, JEFFREY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/30445257)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

