## OMAR SHAKEEL

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=GaYx8yv0KIr%2bQ4rhwHnBJ%2fqJIwQ%3d&rnd=027b9035-73f9-4baf-9ff5-f881fcf57446)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=22016569)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Biography  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
education and training

University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida| BS| 05/2010| Microbiology and
Cell Science  
---|---|---|---  
University of Central Florida College of Medicine, Orlando, Florida| MD|
05/2014| Medicine  
Emory University School of Medicine, Atlanta, Georgia| | 06/2017| Pediatrics  
Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, Texas| | 06/2020| Pediatric Hematology-Oncology  
  
  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Tinsley H, [Gramatges M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266349), Dreyer Z, [Okcu MF](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267445), **Shakeel O**. Barriers to long-term follow-up in pediatric Hodgkin lymphoma survivors. Pediatr Blood Cancer. 2024 Apr; 71(4):e30855. PMID: [38200619](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38200619).

Citations:  Fields:

Hem HematologyNeo NeoplasmsPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  2. **Shakeel O** , [Aguilar S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268607), [Howell A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27841714), Ikwuezunma A, Taylor O, [Okcu MF](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267445), [Bista R](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/45080771), Hartley J, Era?a R, [Bernini JC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269578), [Kahalley L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269302), [Scheurer M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265805), [Gramatges MM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266349). Preferences for survivorship education and delivery among Latino and non-Latino childhood cancer survivors and caregivers. J Cancer Surviv. 2023 Nov 03. PMID: [37922072](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37922072); PMCID: [PMC11065964](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC11065964).

Citations:  Fields:

Neo Neoplasms

  3. **Shakeel O** , [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034), Strong S, Arora M, [Scheurer ME](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265805). A brief review of the current knowledge on environmental toxicants and risk of pediatric cancers. Pediatr Hematol Oncol. 2022 Apr; 39(3):193-202. PMID: [34665984](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34665984).

Citations:  Fields:

Hem HematologyNeo NeoplasmsPed Pediatrics

Translation:HumansPHPublic Health

  4. **Shakeel O** , Pace N, Chambers TM, [Scheurer ME](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265805), Ganguly AA, [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034), Bunin GR. Medical radiation exposure and risk of sporadic retinoblastoma. Pediatr Blood Cancer. 2020 11; 67(11):e28633. PMID: [32743912](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32743912).

Citations:  Fields:

Hem HematologyNeo NeoplasmsPed Pediatrics

Translation:HumansPHPublic Health

  5. [Niles D](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/24845167), Boguniewicz J, **Shakeel O** , [Margolin J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268091), Chelius D, Gupta M, Paul D, [King KY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269149), [McNeil JC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268785). Candida tropicalis Thyroiditis Presenting With Thyroid Storm in a Pediatric Patient With Acute Lymphocytic Leukemia. Pediatr Infect Dis J. 2019 10; 38(10):1051-1053. PMID: [31365478](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31365478).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31365478/citedby/) Fields:

Com Communicable DiseasesPed Pediatrics

Translation:HumansAnimals

  6. **Shakeel O** , Rocky Hui SK. Unexpected bone marrow findings in a patient with pancytopenia and coagulopathy. Blood. 2019 03 21; 133(12):1383. PMID: [30898779](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30898779).

Citations:  Fields:

Hem Hematology

Translation:Humans

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 6 publications over 5 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in
2019](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,100,50,50,0,50,50&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2019| 2  
2020| 1  
2021| 1  
2023| 1  
2024| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

SHAKEEL's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (37)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Hazardous Substances](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/249103)
  * [Paternal Exposure](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/245081)
  * [Radiation Exposure](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27544469)
  * [Maternal Exposure](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/255044)
  * [Retinoblastoma](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/249614)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016569/198)

_

Co-Authors (13)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [SCHEURER, MICHAEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265805)
  * [GRAMATGES, MARIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266349)
  * [OKCU, MEHMET](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267445)
  * [LUPO, PHILIP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034)
  * [BERNINI, JUAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269578)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016569/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [LUPO, PHILIP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034)
  * [CHINTAGUMPALA, MURALI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268049)
  * [BRUERA, EDUARDO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582968)
  * [KANTARJIAN, HAGOP M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582901)
  * [SCHEFLER, AMY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6030334)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016569/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [CHINTAGUMPALA, MURALI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268049)
  * [CHIU, HUA-SHENG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/29776927)
  * [DESROSIERS-BATTU, LAUREN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/35973954)
  * [HOWELL, ALICIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27841714)
  * [RABIN, KAREN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265501)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

