## MELISSA RICHARD

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 6620 MAIN  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=G6486HbUIcXHT4zl4WnGCraPKl%2bPkzA%3d&rnd=e02c293d-fa6b-4c05-a9ba-c78a80b47a2b)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=23479060)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=23479060&cachekey=319f2743-1cdb-4ba7-9594-c2994dad4eb1)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Im C, Neupane A, Baedke JL, Lenny B, Delaney A, Dixon SB, Chow EJ, Mostoufi-Moab S, Yang T, **Richard MA** , [Gramatges MM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266349), [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034), Sharafeldin N, Bhatia S, Armstrong GT, Hudson MM, Ness KK, Robison LL, Yasui Y, Wilson CL, Sapkota Y. Trans-Ancestral Genetic Risk Factors for Treatment-Related Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Survivors of Childhood Cancer. J Clin Oncol. 2024 Jul 01; 42(19):2306-2316. PMID: [38652878](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38652878); PMCID: [PMC11209771](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC11209771).

Citations:  Fields:

Neo Neoplasms

Translation:Humans

  2. Yan C, **Richard MA** , Gibson CJ, He J, Bosworth A, Crossman DK, Singh P, Hageman L, Kalra R, Armenian SH, Vose J, Weisdorf DJ, Ebert BL, Yasui Y, Forman SJ, Bhatia R, Bhatia S. Clonal Hematopoiesis and Therapy-Related Myeloid Neoplasms After Autologous Transplant for Hodgkin Lymphoma. J Clin Oncol. 2024 Jul 10; 42(20):2415-2424. PMID: [38635938](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38635938).

Citations:  Fields:

Neo Neoplasms

Translation:Humans

  3. **Richard MA** , [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034), Ehli EA, Sahin M, Krueger DA, Wu JY, Bebin EM, Au KS, Northrup H, Farach LS, TACERN Study Group. Common epilepsy variants from the general population are not associated with epilepsy among individuals with tuberous sclerosis complex. Am J Med Genet A. 2024 Jun; 194(6):e63569. PMID: [38366765](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38366765); PMCID: [PMC11060940](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC11060940).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen Genetics

  4. de Las Fuentes L, Schwander KL, Brown MR, Bentley AR, Winkler TW, Sung YJ, Munroe PB, Miller CL, Aschard H, Aslibekyan S, Bartz TM, Bielak LF, Chai JF, Cheng CY, Dorajoo R, Feitosa MF, Guo X, Hartwig FP, Horimoto A, Kolcic I, Lim E, Liu Y, Manning AK, Marten J, Musani SK, Noordam R, Padmanabhan S, Rankinen T, **Richard MA** , Ridker PM, Smith AV, Vojinovic D, Zonderman AB, Alver M, Boissel M, Christensen K, Freedman BI, Gao C, Giulianini F, Harris SE, He M, Hsu FC, K?hnel B, Laguzzi F, Li X, Lyytik?inen LP, Nolte IM, Poveda A, Rauramaa R, Riaz M, Robino A, Sofer T, Takeuchi F, Tayo BO, van der Most PJ, Verweij N, Ware EB, Weiss S, Wen W, Yanek LR, Zhan Y, Amin N, Arking DE, Ballantyne C, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Brody JA, Broeckel U, Campbell A, Canouil M, Chai X, Chen YI, Chen X, Chitrala KN, Concas MP, de Faire U, de Mutsert R, de Silva HJ, de Vries PS, Do A, Faul JD, Fisher V, Floyd JS, Forrester T, Friedlander Y, Girotto G, Gu CC, Hallmans G, Heikkinen S, Heng CK, Homuth G, Hunt S, Ikram MA, Jacobs DR, Kavousi M, Khor CC, Kilpel?inen TO, Koh WP, Komulainen P, Langefeld CD, Liang J, Liu K, Liu J, Lohman K, M?gi R, Manichaikul AW, McKenzie CA, Meitinger T, Milaneschi Y, Nauck M, Nelson CP, O'Connell JR, Palmer ND, Pereira AC, Perls T, Peters A, Pola?ek O, Raitakari OT, Rice K, Rice TK, Rich SS, Sabanayagam C, Schreiner PJ, Shu XO, Sidney S, Sims M, Smith JA, Starr JM, Strauch K, Tai ES, Taylor KD, Tsai MY, Uitterlinden AG, van Heemst D, Waldenberger M, Wang YX, Wei WB, Wilson G, Xuan D, Yao J, Yu C, Yuan JM, Zhao W, Becker DM, Bonnefond A, Bowden DW, Cooper RS, Deary IJ, Divers J, Esko T, Franks PW, Froguel P, Gieger C, Jonas JB, Kato N, Lakka TA, Leander K, Lehtim?ki T, Magnusson PKE, North KE, Ntalla I, Penninx B, Samani NJ, Snieder H, Spedicati B, van der Harst P, V?lzke H, Wagenknecht LE, Weir DR, Wojczynski MK, Wu T, Zheng W, Zhu X, Bouchard C, Chasman DI, Evans MK, Fox ER, Gudnason V, Hayward C, Horta BL, Kardia SLR, Krieger JE, Mook-Kanamori DO, Peyser PA, Province MM, Psaty BM, Rudan I, Sim X, Smith BH, van Dam RM, van Duijn CM, Wong TY, Arnett DK, Rao DC, Gauderman J, Liu CT, Morrison AC, Rotter JI, Fornage M. Gene-educational attainment interactions in a multi-population genome-wide meta-analysis identify novel lipid loci. Front Genet. 2023; 14:1235337. PMID: [38028628](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38028628); PMCID: [PMC10651736](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10651736).

Citations:

  5. [Brown AL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6541039), Sok P, [Raghubar KP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009862), [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034), **Richard MA** , Morrison AC, Yang JJ, Stewart CF, [Okcu MF](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267445), [Chintagumpala MM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268049), Gajjar A, [Kahalley LS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269302), Conklin H, [Scheurer ME](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265805). Genetic susceptibility to cognitive decline following craniospinal irradiation for pediatric central nervous system tumors. Neuro Oncol. 2023 09 05; 25(9):1698-1708. PMID: [37038335](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37038335); PMCID: [PMC10479777](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10479777).

Citations:  Fields:

Neo NeoplasmsNeu Neurology

Translation:Humans

  6. [Zachariah JP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12328498), Pena S, [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034), [Putluri N](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269361), [Penny DJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266148), **Richard MA**. Effect of exogenous l-carnitine on aortic stiffness in dyslipidemic adolescents: Design of a quadruple-blind, randomized, controlled interventional trial. Contemp Clin Trials Commun. 2023 Aug; 34:101174. PMID: [37448910](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37448910); PMCID: [PMC10338141](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10338141).

Citations:

  7. **Richard MA** , [Scheurer ME](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265805), Khan J, Sok P, Shetty PB, Chanock SJ, Li SA, Yeager M, Marquez-Do DA, [McEvoy MT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/24845066), [Brown AL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6541039), Skapek SX, [Venkatramani R](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8183321), Mirabello L, Martin-Giacalone BA, Barkauskas DA, Hall D, [Sabo A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269113), [Scheet P](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583139), [Huff CD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583975), Hawkins DS, [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034). Germline genetic variants and pediatric rhabdomyosarcoma outcomes: a report from the Children's Oncology Group. J Natl Cancer Inst. 2023 06 08; 115(6):733-741. PMID: [36951526](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36951526); PMCID: [PMC10248851](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10248851).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/36951526/citedby/) Fields:

Neo Neoplasms

Translation:HumansCells

  8. Im C, Neupane A, Baedke JL, Delaney A, Dixon SB, Chow EJ, Mostoufi-Moab S, **Richard MA** , [Gramatges MM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266349), Lupo PJ, Sharafeldin N, Bhatia S, Armstrong GT, Hudson MM, Ness KK, Robison LL, Yasui Y, Wilson CL, Sapkota Y. Trans-ancestral genetic study of diabetes mellitus risk in survivors of childhood cancer: a report from the St. Jude Lifetime Cohort and the Childhood Cancer Survivor Study. medRxiv. 2023 Jun 05. PMID: [37333357](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37333357); PMCID: [PMC10274964](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10274964).

Citations:

  9. **Richard MA** , Mostoufi-Moab S, Rathore N, Baedke J, [Brown AL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6541039), Chanock SJ, Friedman DN, [Gramatges MM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266349), [Howell RM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582747), [Kamdar KY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270282), Leisenring WM, Meacham LR, Morton LM, Oeffinger K, Robison LL, Sapkota Y, Sklar CA, Armstrong GT, Bhatia S, [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034). Germline Genetic and Treatment-Related Risk Factors for Diabetes Mellitus in Survivors of Childhood Cancer: A Report From the Childhood Cancer Survivor Study and St Jude Lifetime Cohorts. JCO Precis Oncol. 2022 12; 6:e2200239. PMID: [36480781](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36480781); PMCID: [PMC10166479](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10166479).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/36480781/citedby/) Fields:

Neo Neoplasms

Translation:Humans

  10. Luke B, Brown MB, Wantman E, Schymura MJ, Browne ML, Fisher SC, Forestieri NE, Rao C, Nichols HB, Yazdy MM, Gershman ST, Sacha CR, Williams M, Ethen MK, Canfield MA, Doody KJ, Eisenberg ML, Baker VL, Williams C, Sutcliffe AG, **Richard MA** , [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034). The risks of birth defects and childhood cancer with conception by assisted reproductive technology. Hum Reprod. 2022 10 31; 37(11):2672-2689. PMID: [36112004](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36112004); PMCID: [PMC9960485](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9960485).

Citations:

  11. **Richard MA** , Yang W, Sok P, Li M, Carmichael SL, von Behren J, Reynolds P, Fisher PG, Collins RT, Hobbs CA, Luke B, Shaw GM, [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034). Differential newborn DNA methylation among individuals with complex congenital heart defects and childhood lymphoma. Birth Defects Res. 2022 12 01; 114(20):1434-1439. PMID: [36226634](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36226634).

Citations:  Fields:

Emb EmbryologyTer TeratologyTox Toxicology

Translation:HumansCells

  12. Harris RD, **Richard MA** , [Gramatges MMJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266349), [Wilhelm K](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31168793), [Scheurer ME](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265805), [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034), [Brown AL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6541039). Epigenetic age acceleration among survivors of pediatric medulloblastoma and primitive neuroectodermal tumor. Pediatr Hematol Oncol. 2023 May; 40(4):407-411. PMID: [35862575](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35862575); PMCID: [PMC10702578](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10702578).

Citations:  Fields:

Hem HematologyNeo NeoplasmsPed Pediatrics

  13. **Richard MA** , Patel J, Benjamin RH, Bircan E, [Canon SJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/39098766), Marengo LK, Canfield MA, Agopian AJ, [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034), Nembhard WN. Prevalence and Clustering of Congenital Heart Defects Among Boys With Hypospadias. JAMA Netw Open. 2022 07 01; 5(7):e2224152. PMID: [35900762](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35900762); PMCID: [PMC9335139](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9335139).

Citations:  Fields:

Med Medicine (General)

  14. [Man TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266960), Aubert G, **Richard MA** , LeJeune W, Hariri E, Goltsova T, [Gaikwad A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266018), Chen Y, Whitton J, Leisenring WM, Arnold MA, Neglia JP, Yasui Y, Robison LL, Armstrong GT, Bhatia S, [Gramatges MM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266349). Short NK- and Na?ve T-Cell Telomere Length Is Associated with Thyroid Cancer in Childhood Cancer Survivors: A Report from the Childhood Cancer Survivor Study. Cancer Epidemiol Biomarkers Prev. 2022 02; 31(2):453-460. PMID: [34782395](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34782395); PMCID: [PMC8825729](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8825729).

Citations:  Fields:

Bio BiochemistryEpi EpidemiologyNeo Neoplasms

Translation:HumansCells

  15. **Richard MA** , [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034), [Zachariah JP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12328498). Causal Inference of Carnitine on Blood Pressure and potential mediation by uric acid: A mendelian randomization analysis. Int J Cardiol Cardiovasc Risk Prev. 2021 Dec; 11:200120. PMID: [34901954](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34901954); PMCID: [PMC8640447](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8640447).

Citations:

  16. [Brown AL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6541039), **Richard MA**. A Role for Genetics in Racial Disparities of Therapy-Related Cardiomyopathy. Cancer Res. 2021 05 01; 81(9):2272-2274. PMID: [34003785](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34003785).

Citations:  Fields:

Neo Neoplasms

Translation:Humans

  17. Wang H, Noordam R, Cade BE, Schwander K, Winkler TW, Lee J, Sung YJ, Bentley AR, Manning AK, Aschard H, Ilkov M, Brown MR, **Richard M** , Bartz TM, Vojinovic D, Lim E, Nierenberg JL, Liu Y, Chitrala K, Rankinen T, Musani SK, Franceschini N, Rauramaa R, Alver M, Zee PC, Harris SE, van der Most PJ, Nolte IM, Munroe PB, Palmer ND, Weiss S, Wen W, Hall KA, O'Connell J, Eiriksdottir G, Launer LJ, de Vries PS, Arking DE, Chen H, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Schreiner PJ, Sidney S, Shikany JM, Rice K, Chen YI, Gharib SA, Bis JC, Luik AI, Ikram MA, Amin N, Xu H, Levy D, He J, Lohman KK, Zonderman AB, Rice TK, Sims M, Wilson G, Sofer T, Rich SS, Palmas W, Yao J, Guo X, Rotter JI, Biermasz NR, Mook-Kanamori DO, Martin LW, Barac A, Wallace RB, Gottlieb DJ, Komulainen P, Heikkinen S, Milani L, Metspalu A, Starr JM, Milaneschi Y, Waken RJ, Gao C, Strauch K, Roenneberg T, Shu XO, Mukherjee S, Hillman DR, Wagenknecht LE, Grabe HJ, Zheng W, Palmer LJ, Gudnason V, Morrison AC, Fornage M, Psaty BM, van Duijn CM, Liu CT, Kelly TN, Evans MK, Bouchard C, Fox ER, Kooperberg C, Zhu X, Lakka TA, North KE, Deary IJ, Snieder H, Penninx BWJH, Gauderman WJ, Rao DC, Redline S, van Heemst D, Kilpel?inen TO, Horimoto AR, K?hnel B, Lyytik?inen LP, Krieger JE, Uitterlinden AG, M?gi R, Waldenberger M, Peters A, Meitinger T, V?lker U, D?rr M, K?h?nen M, Gieger C, Lehtim?ki T, Pereira AC, Esko T. Multi-ancestry genome-wide gene-sleep interactions identify novel loci for blood pressure. Mol Psychiatry. 2021 11; 26(11):6293-6304. PMID: [33859359](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33859359); PMCID: [PMC8517040](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8517040).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33859359/citedby/) Fields:

Mol Molecular BiologyPsy Psychiatry

Translation:Humans

  18. Surendran P, Feofanova EV, Lahrouchi N, Ntalla I, Karthikeyan S, Cook J, Chen L, Mifsud B, Yao C, Kraja AT, Cartwright JH, Hellwege JN, Giri A, Tragante V, Thorleifsson G, Liu DJ, Prins BP, Stewart ID, Cabrera CP, Eales JM, Akbarov A, Auer PL, Bielak LF, Bis JC, Braithwaite VS, Brody JA, Daw EW, Warren HR, Drenos F, Nielsen SF, Faul JD, Fauman EB, Fava C, Ferreira T, Foley CN, Franceschini N, Gao H, Giannakopoulou O, Giulianini F, Gudbjartsson DF, Guo X, Harris SE, Havulinna AS, Helgadottir A, Huffman JE, Hwang SJ, Kanoni S, Kontto J, Larson MG, Li-Gao R, Lotta LA, Lu Y, Luan J, Mahajan A, Malerba G, Masca NGD, Mei H, Menni C, Mook-Kanamori DO, Mosen-Ansorena D, Paul DS, Perola M, Rauramaa R, **Richard M** , Richardson TG, Sim X, Smith AV, Smith JA, Staley JR, Sulem P, Thorsteinsdottir U, Trompet S, Velez Edwards DR, Veronesi G, Weiss S, Willems SM, Yao J, Young R, Yu B, Zhang W, Zhao JH, Zhao W, Zhao W, Evangelou E, Aeschbacher S, Asllanaj E, Blankenberg S, Bonnycastle LL, Bork-Jensen J, Brandslund I, Braund PS, Burgess S, Cho K, Christensen C, Connell J, Dominiczak AF, Eiriksdottir G, Farmaki AE, Gaziano JM, Grarup N, Grove ML, Hansen T, Have CT, Heiss G, Jousilahti P, Kajantie E, Kamat M, Karpe F, Koistinen HA, Kovesdy CP, Kuulasmaa K, Laatikainen T, Lannfelt L, Lee IT, Lee WJ, LifeLines Cohort Study, Linneberg A, Martin LW, Moitry M, Nadkarni G, Neville MJ, Palmer CNA, Papanicolaou GJ, Pedersen O, Peters J, Poulter N, Rasheed A, Rasmussen KL, Rayner NW, Rettig R, Rossouw J, Schreiner PJ, Sever PS, Sigurdsson EL, Skaaby T, Sun YV, Sundstrom J, Thorgeirsson G, Trabetti E, Tsao PS, Turner ST, Tzoulaki I, Vaartjes I, Vergnaud AC, Willer CJ, Wilson PWF, Witte DR, Yonova-Doing E, Zhang H, Aliya N, Asselbergs FW, Barnes MR, Blakemore AI, Boehnke M, Bots ML, Bottinger EP, Buring JE, Chambers JC, Chen YI, Chowdhury R, Conen D, Correa A, Davey Smith G, Boer RA, Deary IJ, Dedoussis G, Deloukas P, Di Angelantonio E, Elliott P, EPIC-CVD, EPIC-InterAct, Felix SB, Ford I, Fornage M, Franks S, Frossard P, Gambaro G, Gaunt TR, Gudnason V, Harris TB, Hayward C, Hennig BJ, Herzig KH, Ingelsson E, Tuomilehto J, Jukema JW, Kardia SLR, Kee F, Kooner JS, Kooperberg C, Launer LJ, Lind L, Loos RJF, Majumder AAS, Laakso M, McCarthy MI, Mohlke KL, Murray AD, Packard CJ, Padmanabhan S, Palmas W, Polasek O, Porteous DJ, Prentice AM, Province MA, Relton CL, Rice K, Ridker PM, Rosendaal FR, Rotter JI, Rudan I, Salomaa V, Samani NJ, Sattar N, Sheu WH, Smith BH, Soranzo N, Spector TD, Starr JM, Sebert S, Taylor KD, Lakka TA, Timpson NJ, Tobin MD, Understanding Society Scientific Group, van der Harst P, van der Meer P, Ramachandran VS, Verweij N, Virtamo J, Weir DR, Zeggini E, Charchar FJ, Million Veteran Program, Wareham NJ, Langenberg C, Tomaszewski M, Butterworth AS, Caulfield MJ, Danesh J, Edwards TL, Holm H, Hung AM, Lindgren CM, Liu C, Manning AK, Morris AP, Morrison AC, O'Donnell CJ, Psaty BM, Saleheen D, Stefansson K, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Chasman DI, Levy D, Newton-Cheh C, Munroe PB, Howson JMM, Lindstr?m J, M?ller-Nurasyid M, Par? G, Poveda A, Sep?lveda N, Stan?kov? A, Th?riault S, Varga TV, Mutsert R, D?rr M, Hallmans G, J?rgensen ME, K?r?j?m?ki A, M?gi R, Renstr?m F, Esko T, Tuomi T, Almgren P, Amouyel P, Ferri?res J, Franks PW, Groop L, J?rvelin MR, Melander O, Nordestgaard BG, Orho-Melander M, Rolandsson O, V?lker U. Discovery of rare variants associated with blood pressure regulation through meta-analysis of 1.3 million individuals. Nat Genet. 2020 12; 52(12):1314-1332. PMID: [33230300](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33230300); PMCID: [PMC7610439](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7610439).

Citations:
[15](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33230300/citedby/) Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:Humans

  19. Sun D, **Richard M** , Musani SK, Sung YJ, Winkler TW, Schwander K, Chai JF, Guo X, Vojinovic D, Aschard H, Bartz TM, Bielak LF, Brown MR, Chitrala K, Hartwig FP, Liu Y, Manning AK, Noordam R, Smith AV, Harris SE, Nolte IM, Rauramaa R, van der Most PJ, Wang R, Ware EB, Weiss S, Wen W, Yanek LR, Arking DE, Arnett DK, Barac A, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Broeckel U, Chakravarti A, Chen YI, Cupples LA, Davigulus ML, de Las Fuentes L, de Vries PS, Delaney JAC, Roux AVD, Faul JD, Fretts AM, Gallo LC, Gu CC, Harris TB, Hartman CCA, Heikkinen S, Ikram MA, Isasi C, Johnson WC, Jonas JB, Kaplan RC, Komulainen P, Levy D, Lifelines Cohort Study, Liu J, Lohman K, Luik AI, Martin LW, Milaneschi Y, O'Connell JR, Palmas WR, Peyser PA, Raffel LJ, Reiner AP, Rice K, Robinson JG, Rosendaal FR, Schmidt CO, Schreiner PJ, Shikany JM, Shu XO, Sidney S, Sims M, Smith JA, Sotoodehnia N, Tai ES, Taylor K, van Duijn CM, Wee HL, Wei WB, Wilson G, Xuan D, Yao J, Zeng D, Zhao W, Zhu X, Zonderman AB, Becker DM, Deary IJ, Lakka TA, North KE, Oldehinkel AJ, Penninx BWJH, Snieder H, Wang YX, Weir DR, Zheng W, Evans MK, Gauderman WJ, Gudnason V, Horta BL, Liu CT, Mook-Kanamori DO, Morrison AC, Psaty BM, Amin N, Fox ER, Kooperberg C, Sim X, Bierut L, Rotter JI, Kardia SLR, Franceschini N, Rao DC, Fornage M, Kilpel?inen TO, Horimoto ARVR, K?hnel B, Lyytik?inen LP, de Mutsert R, D?rr M, Grabe HJ, Krieger JE, Meitinger T, Peters A, Pulkki-R?back L, Schwettmann L, Strauch K, Uitterlinden AG, Waldenberger M, Gieger C, Lehtim?ki T, Pereira AC. Multi-Ancestry Genome-wide Association Study Accounting for Gene-Psychosocial Factor Interactions Identifies Novel Loci for Blood Pressure Traits. HGG Adv. 2021 Jan 14; 2(1). PMID: [34734193](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34734193); PMCID: [PMC8562625](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8562625).

Citations:

  20. **Richard MA** , [Brown AL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6541039), [Belmont JW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267229), [Scheurer ME](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265805), Arroyo VM, [Foster KL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/35555207), Kern KD, Hudson MM, Leisenring WM, [Okcu MF](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267445), Sapkota Y, Yasui Y, Morton LM, Chanock SJ, Robison LL, Armstrong GT, Bhatia S, Oeffinger KC, [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034), [Kamdar KY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270282). Genetic variation in the body mass index of adult survivors of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: A report from the Childhood Cancer Survivor Study and the St. Jude Lifetime Cohort. Cancer. 2021 01 15; 127(2):310-318. PMID: [33048379](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33048379); PMCID: [PMC7790879](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7790879).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33048379/citedby/) Fields:

Neo Neoplasms

Translation:HumansCells

  21. **Richard MA** , Sok P, [Canon S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/39098766), Nembhard WN, [Brown AL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6541039), [Peckham-Gregory EC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/7520389), Ton M, Ehli EA, Kallsen NA, Peyton SA, Davies GE, Patel A, Zamilpa I, Hobbs CA, [Scheurer ME](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265805), [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034). Altered mechanisms of genital development identified through integration of DNA methylation and genomic measures in hypospadias. Sci Rep. 2020 07 29; 10(1):12715. PMID: [32728162](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32728162); PMCID: [PMC7391634](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7391634).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32728162/citedby/) Fields:

Sci Science

Translation:HumansCells

  22. Farach LS, **Richard MA** , [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034), Sahin M, Krueger DA, Wu JY, Bebin EM, Au KS, Northrup H, TACERN Study Group. Epilepsy Risk Prediction Model for Patients With Tuberous Sclerosis Complex. Pediatr Neurol. 2020 12; 113:46-50. PMID: [33011641](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33011641); PMCID: [PMC10461434](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10461434).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33011641/citedby/) Fields:

Neu NeurologyPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  23. Huang Y, Ollikainen M, Muniandy M, Zhang T, van Dongen J, Hao G, van der Most PJ, Pan Y, Pervjakova N, Sun YV, Hui Q, Lahti J, Fraszczyk E, Lu X, Sun D, **Richard MA** , Willemsen G, Heikkila K, Mateo Leach I, Mononen N, Hurme MA, Raitakari OT, Drake AJ, Perola M, Nuotio ML, Huang Y, Khulan B, Wolffenbuttel BHR, Zhernakova A, Fu J, Zhu H, Dong Y, van Vliet-Ostaptchouk JV, Franke L, Eriksson JG, Fornage M, Milani L, Vaccarino V, Boomsma DI, van der Harst P, de Geus EJC, Salomaa V, Li S, Chen W, Su S, Wilson J, Snieder H, Kaprio J, Wang X, K?h?nen M, R?ikk?nen K, Lehtim?ki T. Identification, Heritability, and Relation With Gene Expression of Novel DNA Methylation Loci for Blood Pressure. Hypertension. 2020 07; 76(1):195-205. PMID: [32520614](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32520614); PMCID: [PMC7295009](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7295009).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32520614/citedby/) Fields:

Vas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansCells

  24. Wang Z, Chen H, Bartz TM, Bielak LF, Chasman DI, Feitosa MF, Franceschini N, Guo X, Lim E, Noordam R, **Richard MA** , Wang H, Cade B, Cupples LA, de Vries PS, Giulanini F, Lee J, Lemaitre RN, Martin LW, Reiner AP, Rich SS, Schreiner PJ, Sidney S, Sitlani CM, Smith JA, Willems van Dijk K, Yao J, Zhao W, Fornage M, Kardia SLR, Kooperberg C, Liu CT, Mook-Kanamori DO, Province MA, Psaty BM, Redline S, Ridker PM, Rotter JI, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Morrison AC, CHARGE Gene-Lifestyle Interactions Working Group. Role of Rare and Low-Frequency Variants in Gene-Alcohol Interactions on Plasma Lipid Levels. Circ Genom Precis Med. 2020 08; 13(4):e002772. PMID: [32510982](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32510982); PMCID: [PMC7442680](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7442680).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32510982/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen GeneticsVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  25. de Las Fuentes L, Sung YJ, Noordam R, Winkler T, Feitosa MF, Schwander K, Bentley AR, Brown MR, Guo X, Manning A, Chasman DI, Aschard H, Bartz TM, Bielak LF, Campbell A, Cheng CY, Dorajoo R, Hartwig FP, Li C, Li-Gao R, Liu Y, Marten J, Musani SK, Ntalla I, Rankinen T, **Richard M** , Sim X, Smith AV, Tajuddin SM, Tayo BO, Vojinovic D, Warren HR, Xuan D, Alver M, Boissel M, Chai JF, Chen X, Christensen K, Divers J, Evangelou E, Gao C, Girotto G, Harris SE, He M, Hsu FC, Laguzzi F, Li X, Nolte IM, Rauramaa R, Riaz M, Rueedi R, Shu XO, Snieder H, Sofer T, Takeuchi F, Verweij N, Ware EB, Weiss S, Yanek LR, Amin N, Arking DE, Arnett DK, Bergmann S, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Brody JA, Broeckel U, Brumat M, Burke G, Cabrera CP, Chee ML, Chen YI, Cocca M, Connell J, de Silva HJ, de Vries PS, Eiriksdottir G, Faul JD, Fisher V, Forrester T, Fox EF, Friedlander Y, Gao H, Gigante B, Giulianini F, Gu CC, Gu D, Harris TB, He J, Heikkinen S, Heng CK, Hunt S, Ikram MA, Irvin MR, Kavousi M, Khor CC, Koh WP, Komulainen P, Kraja AT, Langefeld CD, Li Y, Liang J, Liewald DCM, Liu CT, Liu J, Lohman KK, McKenzie CA, Metspalu A, Milaneschi Y, Milani L, Mook-Kanamori DO, Nalls MA, Nelson CP, Norris JM, O'Connell J, Ogunniyi A, Padmanabhan S, Palmer ND, Pedersen NL, Perls T, Petersmann A, Peyser PA, Polasek O, Porteous DJ, Raffel LJ, Rice TK, Rotter JI, Rudan I, Rueda-Ochoa OL, Sabanayagam C, Salako BL, Schreiner PJ, Shikany JM, Sidney SS, Sims M, Sitlani CM, Smith JA, Starr JM, Swertz MA, Teumer A, Tham YC, Vaidya D, van der Ende MY, Wang L, Wang YX, Wei WB, Weir DR, Wen W, Yao J, Yu B, Yu C, Yuan JM, Zhao W, Zonderman AB, Becker DM, Bowden DW, Deary IJ, Freedman BI, Froguel P, Gasparini P, Jonas JB, Kammerer CM, Kato N, Lakka TA, Leander K, Lifelines Cohort Study, Magnusson PKE, Marques-Vidal P, Penninx BWJH, Samani NJ, van der Harst P, Wagenknecht LE, Wu T, Zheng W, Zhu X, Bouchard C, Cooper RS, Correa A, Evans MK, Gudnason V, Hayward C, Horta BL, Kelly TN, Kritchevsky SB, Levy D, Palmas WR, Province MM, Psaty BM, Ridker PM, Rotimi CN, Tai ES, van Dam RM, van Duijn CM, Wong TY, Rice K, Gauderman WJ, Morrison AC, North KE, Kardia SLR, Caulfield MJ, Elliott P, Munroe PB, Rao DC, Fornage M, Horimoto ARVR, K?hnel B, Lyytik?inen LP, Poveda A, Canouil M, K?h?nen M, Kilpel?inen TO, Krieger JE, M?gi R, Meitinger T, Peters A, Strauch K, Uitterlinden AG, Waldenberger M, D?rr M, Esko T, Gieger C, Lehtim?ki T, Pereira AC, Franks PW. Gene-educational attainment interactions in a multi-ancestry genome-wide meta-analysis identify novel blood pressure loci. Mol Psychiatry. 2021 06; 26(6):2111-2125. PMID: [32372009](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32372009); PMCID: [PMC7641978](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7641978).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32372009/citedby/) Fields:

Mol Molecular BiologyPsy Psychiatry

Translation:Humans

  26. Sok P, [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034), **Richard MA** , [Rabin KR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265501), Ehli EA, Kallsen NA, Davies GE, [Scheurer ME](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265805), [Brown AL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6541039). Utilization of archived neonatal dried blood spots for genome-wide genotyping. PLoS One. 2020; 15(2):e0229352. PMID: [32084225](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32084225); PMCID: [PMC7034898](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7034898).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32084225/citedby/) Fields:

Med Medicine (General)Sci Science

Translation:HumansPHPublic Health

  27. **Richard MA** , [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034), Morton LM, Yasui YA, Sapkota YA, Arnold MA, Aubert G, Neglia JP, Turcotte LM, Leisenring WM, Sampson JN, Chanock SJ, Hudson MM, Armstrong GT, Robison LL, Bhatia S, [Gramatges MM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266349). Genetic variation in POT1 and risk of thyroid subsequent malignant neoplasm: A report from the Childhood Cancer Survivor Study. PLoS One. 2020; 15(2):e0228887. PMID: [32040538](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32040538); PMCID: [PMC7010302](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7010302).

Citations:
[15](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32040538/citedby/) Fields:

Med Medicine (General)Sci Science

Translation:HumansCells

  28. Noordam R, Bos MM, Wang H, Winkler TW, Bentley AR, de Vries PS, Sung YJ, Schwander K, Cade BE, Manning A, Aschard H, Brown MR, Chen H, Franceschini N, Musani SK, **Richard M** , Vojinovic D, Aslibekyan S, Bartz TM, de Las Fuentes L, Feitosa M, Ilkov M, Kho M, Kraja A, Li C, Lim E, Liu Y, Mook-Kanamori DO, Rankinen T, Tajuddin SM, van der Spek A, Wang Z, Marten J, Alver M, Evangelou E, Graff ME, He M, Marques-Vidal P, Nolte IM, Palmer ND, Rauramaa R, Shu XO, Snieder H, Weiss S, Wen W, Yanek LR, Adolfo C, [Ballantyne C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266404), Bielak L, Biermasz NR, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Dimou N, Eiriksdottir G, Gao C, Gharib SA, Gottlieb DJ, Harris TB, Heikkinen S, Hixson JE, Homuth G, Ikram MA, Komulainen P, Lee J, Liu J, Lohman KK, Luik AI, Martin LW, Metspalu A, Milaneschi Y, Nalls MA, O'Connell J, Peyser P, Raitakari OT, Reiner AP, Rensen PCN, Rice TK, Rich SS, Roenneberg T, Rotter JI, Schreiner PJ, Shikany J, Sidney SS, Sims M, Sitlani CM, Sofer T, Swertz MA, Taylor KD, van Duijn CM, Wallance RB, van Dijk KW, Yu C, Zonderman AB, Becker DM, Elliott P, Grabe HJ, Lakka TA, North KE, Penninx BWJH, Vollenweider P, Wagenknecht LE, Wu T, Xiang YB, Zheng W, Arnett DK, Bouchard C, Evans MK, Gudnason V, Kardia S, Kelly TN, Kritchevsky SB, Loos RJF, Province M, Psaty BM, Rotimi C, Zhu X, Amin N, Cupples LA, Fornage M, Fox EF, Guo X, Gauderman WJ, Rice K, Kooperberg C, Munroe PB, Liu CT, Morrison AC, Rao DC, van Heemst D, Redline S, Kilpel?inen TO, Horimoto AR, Laville V, K?hnel B, Lyytik?inen LP, Haba-Rubio J, Heinzer R, Krieger JE, M?gi R, Meitinger T, Peters A, Strauch K, Uitterlinden AG, V?lzke H, Waldenberger M, Esko T, Gieger C, Lehtim?ki T, Pereira AC. Multi-ancestry sleep-by-SNP interaction analysis in 126,926 individuals reveals lipid loci stratified by sleep duration. Nat Commun. 2019 11 12; 10(1):5121. PMID: [31719535](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31719535); PMCID: [PMC6851116](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6851116).

Citations:
[22](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31719535/citedby/) Fields:

Bio BiologySci Science

Translation:Humans

  29. Huan T, Joehanes R, Song C, Peng F, Guo Y, Mendelson M, Yao C, Liu C, Ma J, **Richard M** , Agha G, Guan W, Almli LM, Conneely KN, [Keefe J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/35073117), Hwang SJ, Johnson AD, Fornage M, Liang L, Levy D. Genome-wide identification of DNA methylation QTLs in whole blood highlights pathways for cardiovascular disease. Nat Commun. 2019 09 19; 10(1):4267. PMID: [31537805](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31537805); PMCID: [PMC6753136](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6753136).

Citations:
[56](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31537805/citedby/) Fields:

Bio BiologySci Science

Translation:HumansCells

  30. Sung YJ, de Las Fuentes L, Winkler TW, Chasman DI, Bentley AR, Kraja AT, Ntalla I, Warren HR, Guo X, Schwander K, Manning AK, Brown MR, Aschard H, Feitosa MF, Franceschini N, Lu Y, Cheng CY, Sim X, Vojinovic D, Marten J, Musani SK, **Richard MA** , Aslibekyan S, Bartz TM, Dorajoo R, Li C, Liu Y, Rankinen T, Smith AV, Tajuddin SM, Tayo BO, Zhao W, Zhou Y, Matoba N, Sofer T, Alver M, Amini M, Boissel M, Chai JF, Chen X, Divers J, Gandin I, Gao C, Giulianini F, Goel A, Harris SE, Hartwig FP, He M, Horimoto ARVR, Hsu FC, Jackson AU, Kammerer CM, Kasturiratne A, Leander K, Lee WJ, Lin KH, Luan J, McKenzie CA, Nelson CP, Noordam R, Scott RA, Sheu WHH, Takeuchi F, van der Most PJ, Waken RJ, Wang H, Wang Y, Ware EB, Weiss S, Wen W, Yanek LR, Zhang W, Zhao JH, Afaq S, Alfred T, Amin N, Arking DE, Aung T, Barr RG, Bielak LF, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Bottinger EP, Braund PS, Brody JA, Broeckel U, Cade B, Campbell A, Chakravarti A, Cocca M, Collins FS, Connell JM, de Silva HJ, Duan Q, Eaton CB, Ehret G, Evangelou E, Faul JD, Forouhi NG, Franco OH, Friedlander Y, Gao H, Gigante B, Gu CC, Gupta P, Hagenaars SP, Harris TB, He J, Heikkinen S, Heng CK, Hofman A, Howard BV, Hunt SC, Irvin MR, Jia Y, Katsuya T, Kaufman J, Kerrison ND, Khor CC, Koh WP, Koistinen HA, Kooperberg CB, Krieger JE, Kubo M, Kutalik Z, Kuusisto J, Langefeld CD, Langenberg C, Launer LJ, Lee JH, Lehne B, Levy D, Lewis CE, Li Y, Lifelines Cohort Study, Lim SH, Liu CT, Liu J, Liu J, Liu Y, Loh M, Lohman KK, Louie T, Matsuda K, Metspalu A, Milani L, Momozawa Y, Mosley TH, Nalls MA, Nasri U, O'Connell JR, Ogunniyi A, Palmas WR, Palmer ND, Pankow JS, Pedersen NL, Peyser PA, Polasek O, Porteous D, Raitakari OT, Rice TK, Ridker PM, Robino A, Robinson JG, Rose LM, Rudan I, Sabanayagam C, Salako BL, Sandow K, Schmidt CO, Schreiner PJ, Scott WR, Sever P, Sims M, Sitlani CM, Smith BH, Smith JA, Snieder H, Starr JM, Tang H, Taylor KD, Teo YY, Tham YC, Wang L, Wang YX, Wei WB, Wilson G, Wojczynski MK, Xiang YB, Yao J, Yuan JM, Zonderman AB, Becker DM, Boehnke M, Bowden DW, Chambers JC, Chen YI, Weir DR, de Faire U, Deary IJ, Farrall M, Forrester T, Freedman BI, Froguel P, Gasparini P, Horta BL, Hung YJ, Jonas JB, Kato N, Kooner JS, Laakso M, Liang KW, Magnusson PKE, Oldehinkel AJ, Pereira AC, Perls T, Rauramaa R, Redline S, Rettig R, Samani NJ, Scott J, Shu XO, van der Harst P, Wagenknecht LE, Wareham NJ, Watkins H, Wickremasinghe AR, Wu T, Kamatani Y, Laurie CC, Bouchard C, Cooper RS, Evans MK, Gudnason V, Hixson J, Kardia SLR, Kritchevsky SB, Psaty BM, van Dam RM, Arnett DK, Mook-Kanamori DO, Fornage M, Fox ER, Hayward C, van Duijn CM, Tai ES, Wong TY, Loos RJF, Reiner AP, Rotimi CN, Bierut LJ, Zhu X, Cupples LA, Province MA, Rotter JI, Rice K, Elliott P, Caulfield MJ, Gauderman WJ, Munroe PB, Rao DC, Morrison AC, Kilpel?inen TO, Komulainen P, K?hnel B, Lyytik?inen LP, Stanc?kov? A, Varga TV, Canouil M, de Mutsert R, D?rr M, Lakka TA, M?gi R, Meitinger T, Peters A, Renstr?m F, Strauch K, Uitterlinden AG, Waldenberger M, Esko T, Gieger C, Lehtim?ki T, Franks PW. A multi-ancestry genome-wide study incorporating gene-smoking interactions identifies multiple new loci for pulse pressure and mean arterial pressure. Hum Mol Genet. 2019 08 01; 28(15):2615-2633. PMID: [31127295](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31127295); PMCID: [PMC6644157](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6644157).

Citations:
[12](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31127295/citedby/) Fields:

Gen GeneticsMol Molecular Biology

Translation:Humans

  31. Wojcik GL, Graff M, Nishimura KK, Tao R, Haessler J, Gignoux CR, Highland HM, Patel YM, Sorokin EP, Avery CL, Belbin GM, Bien SA, Cheng I, Cullina S, Hodonsky CJ, Hu Y, Huckins LM, Jeff J, Justice AE, Kocarnik JM, Lim U, Lin BM, Lu Y, Nelson SC, Park SL, Poisner H, Preuss MH, **Richard MA** , Schurmann C, Setiawan VW, Sockell A, Vahi K, Verbanck M, Vishnu A, Walker RW, Young KL, Zubair N, Ambite JL, Barnes KC, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Bottinger EP, Bustamante CD, Caberto C, Conomos MP, Deelman E, Do R, Doheny K, Fornage M, Hailu B, Heiss G, Henn BM, Hindorff LA, Jackson RD, Laurie CA, Laurie CC, Li Y, Lin DY, Moreno-Estrada A, Nadkarni G, Norman PJ, Pooler LC, Reiner AP, Romm J, Sabatti C, Sandoval K, Sheng X, Stahl EA, Stram DO, Thornton TA, Wassel CL, Wilkens LR, Winkler CA, Yoneyama S, Buyske S, Haiman CA, Kooperberg C, Le Marchand L, Loos RJF, Matise TC, North KE, Peters U, Kenny EE, Carlson CS, Acu?a-Alonso V, Canizales-Quinteros S, Fern?ndez-Rhodes L. Genetic analyses of diverse populations improves discovery for complex traits. Nature. 2019 06; 570(7762):514-518. PMID: [31217584](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31217584); PMCID: [PMC6785182](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6785182).

Citations:
[212](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31217584/citedby/)
Fields:

Sci Science

Translation:Humans

  32. de Vries PS, Brown MR, Bentley AR, Sung YJ, Winkler TW, Ntalla I, Schwander K, Kraja AT, Guo X, Franceschini N, Cheng CY, Sim X, Vojinovic D, Huffman JE, Musani SK, Li C, Feitosa MF, **Richard MA** , Noordam R, Aschard H, Bartz TM, Bielak LF, Deng X, Dorajoo R, Lohman KK, Manning AK, Rankinen T, Smith AV, Tajuddin SM, Evangelou E, Graff M, Alver M, Boissel M, Chai JF, Chen X, Divers J, Gandin I, Gao C, Goel A, Hagemeijer Y, Harris SE, Hartwig FP, He M, Horimoto ARVR, Hsu FC, Jackson AU, Kasturiratne A, Komulainen P, Laguzzi F, Lee JH, Luan J, Matoba N, Nolte IM, Pietzner M, Riaz M, Said MA, Scott RA, Sofer T, Takeuchi F, Tayo BO, van der Most PJ, Wang Y, Ware EB, Wen W, Yanek LR, Zhang W, Zhao JH, Afaq S, Amin N, Amini M, Arking DE, Aung T, [Ballantyne C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266404), [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Broeckel U, Campbell A, Charumathi S, Chen YI, Connell JM, de Faire U, de Las Fuentes L, de Silva HJ, Ding J, Dominiczak AF, Duan Q, Eaton CB, Eppinga RN, Faul JD, Fisher V, Forrester T, Franco OH, Friedlander Y, Ghanbari M, Giulianini F, Grabe HJ, Grove ML, Gu CC, Harris TB, Heikkinen S, Heng CK, Hirata M, Hixson JE, Howard BV, Ikram MA, InterAct Consortium, Jacobs DR, Johnson C, Jonas JB, Kammerer CM, Katsuya T, Khor CC, Koh WP, Koistinen HA, Kolcic I, Kooperberg C, Krieger JE, Kritchevsky SB, Kubo M, Kuusisto J, Lakka TA, Langefeld CD, Langenberg C, Launer LJ, Lehne B, Lemaitre RN, Li Y, Liang J, Liu J, Liu K, Loh M, Louie T, Manichaikul AW, McKenzie CA, Metspalu A, Milaneschi Y, Milani L, Mohlke KL, Mosley TH, Mukamal KJ, Nalls MA, Nauck M, Nelson CP, Sotoodehnia N, O'Connell JR, Palmer ND, Pazoki R, Pedersen NL, Peyser PA, Polasek O, Poulter N, Raffel LJ, Raitakari OT, Reiner AP, Rice TK, Rich SS, Robino A, Robinson JG, Rose LM, Rudan I, Schmidt CO, Schreiner PJ, Scott WR, Sever P, Shi Y, Sidney S, Sims M, Smith BH, Smith JA, Snieder H, Starr JM, Tan N, Taylor KD, Teo YY, Tham YC, van Heemst D, Vuckovic D, Wang L, Wang Y, Wang Z, Wei WB, Williams C, Wilson G, Wojczynski MK, Yao J, Yu B, Yu C, Yuan JM, Zhao W, Zonderman AB, Becker DM, Boehnke M, Bowden DW, Chambers JC, Deary IJ, Farrall M, Freedman BI, Froguel P, Gasparini P, Horta BL, Kamatani Y, Kato N, Kooner JS, Laakso M, Leander K, Lifelines Cohort, Groningen, The Netherlands (Lifelines Cohort Study), Magnusson PKE, Penninx B, Pereira AC, Rauramaa R, Samani NJ, Scott J, Shu XO, van der Harst P, Wagenknecht LE, Wang YX, Wareham NJ, Watkins H, Weir DR, Wickremasinghe AR, Zheng W, Elliott P, North KE, Bouchard C, Evans MK, Gudnason V, Liu CT, Liu Y, Psaty BM, Ridker PM, van Dam RM, Kardia SLR, Zhu X, Rotimi CN, Mook-Kanamori DO, Fornage M, Kelly TN, Fox ER, Hayward C, van Duijn CM, Tai ES, Wong TY, Liu J, Rotter JI, Gauderman WJ, Province MA, Munroe PB, Rice K, Chasman DI, Cupples LA, Rao DC, Morrison AC, K?hnel B, Lyytik?inen LP, Stanc?kov? A, Varga TV, Canouil M, de Mutsert R, Kilpel?inen TO, M?gi R, Meitinger T, Peters A, Strauch K, Uitterlinden AG, Waldenberger M, Esko T, Franks PW, Gieger C, Lehtim?ki T. Multiancestry Genome-Wide Association Study of Lipid Levels Incorporating Gene-Alcohol Interactions. Am J Epidemiol. 2019 06 01; 188(6):1033-1054. PMID: [30698716](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30698716); PMCID: [PMC6545280](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6545280).

Citations:
[32](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30698716/citedby/) Fields:

Epi Epidemiology

Translation:Humans

  33. **Richard MA** , Sok P, [Canon S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/39098766), [Brown AL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6541039), [Peckham-Gregory EC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/7520389), Nembhard WN, Carmichael SL, Ehli EA, Kallsen NA, Peyton SA, Davies GE, Patel A, Zamilpa I, Wyatt RA, Hobbs CA, [Scheurer ME](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265805), [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034). The role of genetic variation in DGKK on moderate and severe hypospadias. Birth Defects Res. 2019 08 01; 111(13):932-937. PMID: [31102501](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31102501); PMCID: [PMC8084115](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8084115).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31102501/citedby/) Fields:

Emb EmbryologyTer TeratologyTox Toxicology

Translation:Humans

  34. Bentley AR, Sung YJ, Brown MR, Winkler TW, Kraja AT, Ntalla I, Schwander K, Chasman DI, Lim E, Deng X, Guo X, Liu J, Lu Y, Cheng CY, Sim X, Vojinovic D, Huffman JE, Musani SK, Li C, Feitosa MF, **Richard MA** , Noordam R, Baker J, Chen G, Bartz TM, Ding J, Dorajoo R, Manning AK, Rankinen T, Smith AV, Tajuddin SM, Zhao W, Graff M, Alver M, Boissel M, Chai JF, Chen X, Divers J, Evangelou E, Gao C, Goel A, Hagemeijer Y, Harris SE, Hartwig FP, He M, Hsu FC, Hung YJ, Jackson AU, Kasturiratne A, Komulainen P, Leander K, Lin KH, Luan J, Matoba N, Nolte IM, Pietzner M, Prins B, Riaz M, Robino A, Said MA, Schupf N, Scott RA, Sofer T, Takeuchi F, Tayo BO, van der Most PJ, Wang TD, Wang Y, Ware EB, Wen W, Xiang YB, Yanek LR, Zhang W, Zhao JH, Adeyemo A, Afaq S, Amin N, Amini M, Arking DE, Arzumanyan Z, Aung T, [Ballantyne C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266404), Barr RG, Bielak LF, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Bottinger EP, Broeckel U, Brown M, Cade BE, Campbell A, Charumathi S, Chen YI, Christensen K, COGENT-Kidney Consortium, Concas MP, Connell JM, de Las Fuentes L, de Silva HJ, de Vries PS, Doumatey A, Duan Q, Eaton CB, Eppinga RN, Faul JD, Floyd JS, Forouhi NG, Forrester T, Friedlander Y, Gandin I, Gao H, Ghanbari M, Gharib SA, Gigante B, Giulianini F, Grabe HJ, Gu CC, Harris TB, Heikkinen S, Heng CK, Hirata M, Hixson JE, Ikram MA, EPIC-InterAct Consortium, Jia Y, Joehanes R, Johnson C, Jonas JB, Justice AE, Katsuya T, Khor CC, Koh WP, Kolcic I, Kooperberg C, Kritchevsky SB, Kubo M, Kuusisto J, Lakka TA, Langefeld CD, Langenberg C, Launer LJ, Lehne B, Lewis CE, Li Y, Liang J, Lin S, Liu CT, Liu J, Liu K, Loh M, Lohman KK, Louie T, Luzzi A, Mahajan A, Manichaikul AW, McKenzie CA, Metspalu A, Milaneschi Y, Milani L, Mohlke KL, Momozawa Y, Morris AP, Murray AD, Nalls MA, Nauck M, Nelson CP, North KE, O'Connell JR, Palmer ND, Papanicolau GJ, Pedersen NL, Peyser PA, Polasek O, Poulter N, Raitakari OT, Reiner AP, Rice TK, Rich SS, Robinson JG, Rose LM, Rosendaal FR, Rudan I, Schmidt CO, Schreiner PJ, Scott WR, Sever P, Shi Y, Sidney S, Sims M, Smith JA, Snieder H, Starr JM, Strauch K, Stringham HM, Tan NYQ, Tang H, Taylor KD, Teo YY, Tham YC, Tiemeier H, Turner ST, Understanding Society Scientific Group, van Heemst D, Wang H, Wang L, Wang L, Wei WB, Williams CA, Wilson G, Wojczynski MK, Yao J, Young K, Yu C, Yuan JM, Zhou J, Zonderman AB, Becker DM, Boehnke M, Bowden DW, Chambers JC, Cooper RS, de Faire U, Deary IJ, Elliott P, Farrall M, Freedman BI, Froguel P, Gasparini P, Horta BL, Juang JJ, Kamatani Y, Kammerer CM, Kato N, Kooner JS, Laakso M, Laurie CC, Lee IT, Lifelines Cohort, Magnusson PKE, Oldehinkel AJ, Penninx BWJH, Rauramaa R, Redline S, Samani NJ, Scott J, Shu XO, van der Harst P, Wagenknecht LE, Wang JS, Wang YX, Wareham NJ, Watkins H, Weir DR, Wickremasinghe AR, Wu T, Zeggini E, Zheng W, Bouchard C, Evans MK, Gudnason V, Kardia SLR, Liu Y, Psaty BM, Ridker PM, van Dam RM, Mook-Kanamori DO, Fornage M, Province MA, Kelly TN, Fox ER, Hayward C, van Duijn CM, Tai ES, Wong TY, Loos RJF, Franceschini N, Rotter JI, Zhu X, Bierut LJ, Gauderman WJ, Rice K, Munroe PB, Morrison AC, Rao DC, Rotimi CN, Cupples LA, Aschard H, Horimoto ARVR, K?hnel B, Lyytik?inen LP, Stanc?kov? A, Varga TV, Canouil M, Kilpel?inen TO, Krieger JE, M?gi R, Meitinger T, Peters A, Renstr?m F, Uitterlinden AG, Waldenberger M, Esko T, Franks PW, Gieger C, Lehtim?ki T, Pereira AC. Multi-ancestry genome-wide gene-smoking interaction study of 387,272 individuals identifies new loci associated with serum lipids. Nat Genet. 2019 04; 51(4):636-648. PMID: [30926973](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30926973); PMCID: [PMC6467258](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6467258).

Citations:
[43](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30926973/citedby/) Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:Humans

  35. Bentley AR, Noordam R, Sung YJ, Schwander K, Winkler TW, Jakupovic H, Chasman DI, Manning A, Ntalla I, Aschard H, Brown MR, de Las Fuentes L, Franceschini N, Guo X, Vojinovic D, Aslibekyan S, Feitosa MF, Kho M, Musani SK, **Richard M** , Wang H, Wang Z, Bartz TM, Bielak LF, Campbell A, Dorajoo R, Fisher V, Hartwig FP, Li C, Lohman KK, Marten J, Sim X, Smith AV, Tajuddin SM, Alver M, Amini M, Boissel M, Chai JF, Chen X, Divers J, Evangelou E, Gao C, Graff M, Harris SE, He M, Hsu FC, Jackson AU, Zhao JH, Kraja AT, Laguzzi F, Nolte IM, Rauramaa R, Riaz M, Robino A, Rueedi R, Stringham HM, Takeuchi F, van der Most PJ, Verweij N, Ware EB, Wen W, Li X, Yanek LR, Amin N, Arnett DK, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Brumat M, Cade B, Chen YI, Concas MP, Connell J, de Silva HJ, de Vries PS, Demirkan A, Ding J, Eaton CB, Faul JD, Friedlander Y, Gabriel KP, Ghanbari M, Giulianini F, Gu CC, Gu D, Harris TB, He J, Heikkinen S, Heng CK, Hunt SC, Ikram MA, Jonas JB, Koh WP, Komulainen P, Kritchevsky SB, Kuusisto J, Langefeld CD, Langenberg C, Launer LJ, Leander K, Lemaitre RN, Lewis CE, Liang J, Lifelines Cohort Study, Liu J, Manichaikul A, Metspalu A, Milaneschi Y, Mohlke KL, Mosley TH, Murray AD, Nalls MA, Nang EK, Nelson CP, Nona S, Norris JM, Nwuba CV, O'Connell J, Palmer ND, Papanicolau GJ, Pazoki R, Pedersen NL, Peyser PA, Polasek O, Porteous DJ, Raitakari OT, Rich SS, Risch N, Robinson JG, Rose LM, Rudan I, Schreiner PJ, Scott RA, Sidney SS, Sims M, Smith JA, Snieder H, Sofer T, Starr JM, Sternfeld B, Tang H, Taylor KD, Tsai MY, Tuomilehto J, van der Ende MY, van Heemst D, Voortman T, Wilson G, Xiang YB, Yao J, Yu C, Yuan JM, Zhao W, Zonderman AB, Becker DM, Boehnke M, Bowden DW, de Faire U, Deary IJ, Elliott P, Freedman BI, Froguel P, Gasparini P, Kato N, Laakso M, Lakka TA, Magnusson PKE, Oldehinkel AJ, Penninx BWJH, Samani NJ, Shu XO, van der Harst P, Van Vliet-Ostaptchouk JV, Vollenweider P, Wagenknecht LE, Wang YX, Wareham NJ, Weir DR, Wu T, Zheng W, Zhu X, Evans MK, Gudnason V, Hayward C, Horta BL, Kelly TN, Liu Y, North KE, Ridker PM, Tai ES, van Dam RM, Fox ER, Kardia SLR, Liu CT, Mook-Kanamori DO, Province MA, Redline S, van Duijn CM, Rotter JI, Kooperberg CB, Gauderman WJ, Psaty BM, Rice K, Munroe PB, Fornage M, Cupples LA, Rotimi CN, Morrison AC, Rao DC, Loos RJF, Kilpel?inen TO, Horimoto ARVR, K?hnel B, Lyytik?inen LP, Varga TV, Canouil M, de Mutsert R, Krieger JE, Kutalik Z, M?gi R, Meitinger T, Peters A, Poveda A, Strauch K, Uitterlinden AG, Waldenberger M, Wennberg P, Esko T, Gieger C, Lehtim?ki T, Franks PW, Pereira AC. Multi-ancestry study of blood lipid levels identifies four loci interacting with physical activity. Nat Commun. 2019 01 22; 10(1):376. PMID: [30670697](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30670697); PMCID: [PMC6342931](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6342931).

Citations:
[30](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30670697/citedby/) Fields:

Bio BiologySci Science

Translation:Humans

  36. Kocarnik JM, **Richard M** , Graff M, Haessler J, Bien S, Carlson C, Carty CL, Reiner AP, Avery CL, Ballantyne CM, LaCroix AZ, Assimes TL, Barbalic M, Pankratz N, Tang W, Tao R, Chen D, Talavera GA, Daviglus ML, Chirinos-Medina DA, Pereira R, Nishimura K, Best LG, Cheng I, Crawford DC, Hindorff LA, Fornage M, Heiss G, North KE, Haiman CA, Peters U, Le Marchand L, Kooperberg C, Bu?kov? P, Ambite JL. Discovery, fine-mapping, and conditional analyses of genetic variants associated with C-reactive protein in multiethnic populations using the Metabochip in the Population Architecture using Genomics and Epidemiology (PAGE) study. Hum Mol Genet. 2018 08 15; 27(16):2940-2953. PMID: [29878111](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29878111); PMCID: [PMC6077792](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6077792).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29878111/citedby/) Fields:

Gen GeneticsMol Molecular Biology

Translation:Humans

  37. Feitosa MF, Kraja AT, Chasman DI, Sung YJ, Winkler TW, Ntalla I, Guo X, Franceschini N, Cheng CY, Sim X, Vojinovic D, Marten J, Musani SK, Li C, Bentley AR, Brown MR, Schwander K, **Richard MA** , Noordam R, Aschard H, Bartz TM, Bielak LF, Dorajoo R, Fisher V, Hartwig FP, Lohman KK, Manning AK, Rankinen T, Smith AV, Tajuddin SM, Wojczynski MK, Alver M, Boissel M, Cai Q, Campbell A, Chai JF, Chen X, Divers J, Gao C, Goel A, Hagemeijer Y, Harris SE, He M, Hsu FC, Jackson AU, Kasturiratne A, Komulainen P, Laguzzi F, Luan J, Matoba N, Nolte IM, Padmanabhan S, Riaz M, Rueedi R, Robino A, Said MA, Scott RA, Sofer T, Takeuchi F, Tayo BO, van der Most PJ, Vitart V, Wang Y, Ware EB, Warren HR, Weiss S, Wen W, Yanek LR, Zhang W, Zhao JH, Afaq S, Amin N, Amini M, Arking DE, Aung T, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Borecki I, Broeckel U, Brown M, Brumat M, Burke GL, Chakravarti A, Charumathi S, Ida Chen YD, Connell JM, Correa A, de Las Fuentes L, de Silva HJ, Deng X, Ding J, Duan Q, Eaton CB, Ehret G, Eppinga RN, Evangelou E, Faul JD, Felix SB, Forouhi NG, Forrester T, Franco OH, Friedlander Y, Gandin I, Gao H, Ghanbari M, Gigante B, Gu CC, Gu D, Hagenaars SP, Harris TB, He J, Heikkinen S, Heng CK, Hirata M, Howard BV, Ikram MA, InterAct Consortium, John U, Katsuya T, Khor CC, Koh WP, Kritchevsky SB, Kubo M, Kuusisto J, Lakka TA, Langefeld CD, Langenberg C, Launer LJ, Lehne B, Lewis CE, Li Y, Lin S, Liu J, Liu J, Loh M, Louie T, McKenzie CA, Metspalu A, Milaneschi Y, Milani L, Mohlke KL, Momozawa Y, Nalls MA, Nelson CP, Sotoodehnia N, Norris JM, O'Connell JR, Palmer ND, Perls T, Pedersen NL, Peyser PA, Poulter N, Raffel LJ, Raitakari OT, Roll K, Rose LM, Rosendaal FR, Rotter JI, Schmidt CO, Schreiner PJ, Schupf N, Scott WR, Sever PS, Shi Y, Sidney S, Sims M, Sitlani CM, Smith JA, Snieder H, Starr JM, Stringham HM, Tan NYQ, Tang H, Taylor KD, Teo YY, Tham YC, Turner ST, Vollenweider P, Wang L, Wang YX, Wei WB, Williams C, Yao J, Yu C, Yuan JM, Zhao W, Zonderman AB, Becker DM, Boehnke M, Bowden DW, Chambers JC, Deary IJ, Farrall M, Freedman BI, Froguel P, Gasparini P, Jonas JB, Kamatani Y, Kato N, Kooner JS, Laakso M, Laurie CC, Leander K, Study LC, Magnusson PKE, Oldehinkel AJ, Penninx BWJH, Polasek O, Porteous DJ, Rauramaa R, Samani NJ, Scott J, Shu XO, van der Harst P, Wagenknecht LE, Wareham NJ, Watkins H, Weir DR, Wickremasinghe AR, Wu T, Zheng W, Bouchard C, Christensen K, Evans MK, Gudnason V, Horta BL, Kardia SLR, Liu Y, Psaty BM, Ridker PM, van Dam RM, Gauderman WJ, Zhu X, Mook-Kanamori DO, Fornage M, Rotimi CN, Cupples LA, Kelly TN, Fox ER, Hayward C, van Duijn CM, Tai ES, Wong TY, Kooperberg C, Palmas W, Rice K, Morrison AC, Elliott P, Caulfield MJ, Munroe PB, Rao DC, Province MA, Levy D, Horimoto ARVR, K?h?nen M, K?hnel B, Stanc?kov? A, Varga TV, Canouil M, de Mutsert R, Hallmans G, Kilpel?inen TO, Krieger JE, M?gi R, Meitinger T, Peters A, Strauch K, Uitterlinden AG, Waldenberger M, Esko T, Franks PW, Gieger C, Kutalik Z, Lehtim?ki T, Pereira AC. Novel genetic associations for blood pressure identified via gene-alcohol interaction in up to 570K individuals across multiple ancestries. PLoS One. 2018; 13(6):e0198166. PMID: [29912962](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29912962); PMCID: [PMC6005576](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6005576).

Citations:
[28](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29912962/citedby/) Fields:

Med Medicine (General)Sci Science

Translation:Humans

  38. Sung YJ, Winkler TW, de Las Fuentes L, Bentley AR, Brown MR, Kraja AT, Schwander K, Ntalla I, Guo X, Franceschini N, Lu Y, Cheng CY, Sim X, Vojinovic D, Marten J, Musani SK, Li C, Feitosa MF, **Richard MA** , Noordam R, Aslibekyan S, Aschard H, Bartz TM, Dorajoo R, Liu Y, Manning AK, Rankinen T, Smith AV, Tajuddin SM, Tayo BO, Warren HR, Zhao W, Zhou Y, Matoba N, Sofer T, Alver M, Amini M, Boissel M, Chai JF, Chen X, Divers J, Gandin I, Gao C, Giulianini F, Goel A, Harris SE, Hartwig FP, Horimoto ARVR, Hsu FC, Jackson AU, Kasturiratne A, Leander K, Lee WJ, Lin KH, 'an Luan J, McKenzie CA, Meian H, Nelson CP, Rauramaa R, Schupf N, Scott RA, Sheu WHH, Takeuchi F, van der Most PJ, Wang H, Wang Y, Ware EB, Weiss S, Wen W, Yanek LR, Zhang W, Zhao JH, Afaq S, Alfred T, Amin N, Arking D, Aung T, Barr RG, Bielak LF, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Bottinger EP, Braund PS, Brody JA, Broeckel U, Cabrera CP, Cade B, Caizheng Y, Campbell A, Chakravarti A, CHARGE Neurology Working Group, Chauhan G, Christensen K, Cocca M, COGENT-Kidney Consortium, Collins FS, Connell JM, de Silva HJ, Debette S, Duan Q, Eaton CB, Ehret G, Evangelou E, Faul JD, Fisher VA, Forouhi NG, Franco OH, Friedlander Y, Gao H, GIANT Consortium, Gigante B, Graff M, Gu CC, Gu D, Gupta P, Hagenaars SP, Harris TB, He J, Heikkinen S, Heng CK, Hirata M, Hofman A, Howard BV, Hunt S, Irvin MR, Jia Y, Joehanes R, Justice AE, Katsuya T, Kaufman J, Kerrison ND, Khor CC, Koh WP, Koistinen HA, Komulainen P, Kooperberg C, Krieger JE, Kubo M, Kuusisto J, Langefeld CD, Langenberg C, Launer LJ, Lehne B, Lewis CE, Li Y, Lifelines Cohort Study, Lim SH, Lin S, Liu CT, Liu J, Liu J, Liu K, Liu Y, Loh M, Lohman KK, Long J, Louie T, Mahajan A, Metspalu A, Milani L, Momozawa Y, Morris AP, Mosley TH, Munson P, Murray AD, Nalls MA, Nasri U, Norris JM, North K, Ogunniyi A, Padmanabhan S, Palmas WR, Palmer ND, Pankow JS, Pedersen NL, Peyser PA, Polasek O, Raitakari OT, Rice TK, Ridker PM, Robino A, Robinson JG, Rose LM, Rudan I, Sabanayagam C, Salako BL, Sandow K, Schmidt CO, Schreiner PJ, Scott WR, Seshadri S, Sever P, Sitlani CM, Smith JA, Snieder H, Starr JM, Tang H, Taylor KD, Teo YY, Tham YC, Wang L, Wang YX, Wei WB, Williams C, Wilson G, Wojczynski MK, Yao J, Yuan JM, Zonderman AB, Becker DM, Boehnke M, Bowden DW, Chambers JC, Chen YI, de Faire U, Deary IJ, Farrall M, Forrester T, Freedman BI, Froguel P, Gasparini P, Horta BL, Hung YJ, Jonas JB, Kato N, Kooner JS, Laakso M, Liang KW, Magnusson PKE, Newman AB, Oldehinkel AJ, Pereira AC, Redline S, Rettig R, Samani NJ, Scott J, Shu XO, van der Harst P, Wagenknecht LE, Wareham NJ, Watkins H, Weir DR, Wickremasinghe AR, Wu T, Zheng W, Kamatani Y, Laurie CC, Bouchard C, Cooper RS, Evans MK, Gudnason V, Kardia SLR, Kritchevsky SB, Levy D, O'Connell JR, Psaty BM, van Dam RM, Sims M, Arnett DK, Mook-Kanamori DO, Kelly TN, Fox ER, Hayward C, Fornage M, Rotimi CN, Province MA, van Duijn CM, Tai ES, Wong TY, Loos RJF, Reiner AP, Rotter JI, Zhu X, Bierut LJ, Gauderman WJ, Caulfield MJ, Elliott P, Rice K, Munroe PB, Morrison AC, Cupples LA, Rao DC, Chasman DI, Kilpel?inen TO, K?h?nen M, K?hnel B, Stanc?kov? A, Varga TV, Canouil M, de Mutsert R, D?rr M, M?gi R, Meitinger T, Peters A, Renstr?m F, Strauch K, Uitterlinden AG, Waldenberger M, Esko T, Franks PW, Gieger C, Lehtim?ki T. A Large-Scale Multi-ancestry Genome-wide Study Accounting for Smoking Behavior Identifies Multiple Significant Loci for Blood Pressure. Am J Hum Genet. 2018 03 01; 102(3):375-400. PMID: [29455858](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29455858); PMCID: [PMC5985266](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5985266).

Citations:
[49](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29455858/citedby/) Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:Humans

  39. Haight T, Bryan RN, Meirelles O, Tracy R, Fornage M, **Richard M** , Nasrallah I, Yaffe K, Jacobs DR, Lewis C, Schreiner P, Sidney S, Davatzikos C, Launer LJ. Associations of plasma clusterin and Alzheimer's disease-related MRI markers in adults at mid-life: The CARDIA Brain MRI sub-study. PLoS One. 2018; 13(1):e0190478. PMID: [29324756](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29324756); PMCID: [PMC5764276](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5764276).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29324756/citedby/) Fields:

Med Medicine (General)Sci Science

Translation:Humans

  40. **Richard MA** , Huan T, Ligthart S, Gondalia R, Jhun MA, Brody JA, Irvin MR, Marioni R, Shen J, Tsai PC, Montasser ME, Jia Y, Syme C, Salfati EL, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Guan W, Mosley TH, Bressler J, Morrison AC, Liu C, Mendelson MM, van Meurs JB, BIOS Consortium, Franco OH, Zhang G, Li Y, Stewart JD, Bis JC, Psaty BM, Chen YI, Kardia SLR, Zhao W, Turner ST, Absher D, Aslibekyan S, Starr JM, McRae AF, Hou L, Just AC, Schwartz JD, Vokonas PS, Menni C, Spector TD, Shuldiner A, Damcott CM, Rotter JI, Palmas W, Liu Y, Horvath S, O'Connell JR, Guo X, Pausova Z, Assimes TL, Sotoodehnia N, Smith JA, Arnett DK, Deary IJ, Baccarelli AA, Bell JT, Whitsel E, Dehghan A, Levy D, Fornage M, Uitterlinden AG, Paus T. DNA Methylation Analysis Identifies Loci for Blood Pressure Regulation. Am J Hum Genet. 2017 Dec 07; 101(6):888-902. PMID: [29198723](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29198723); PMCID: [PMC5812919](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5812919).

Citations:
[72](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29198723/citedby/) Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:HumansCells

  41. Kraja AT, Cook JP, Warren HR, Surendran P, Liu C, Evangelou E, Manning AK, Grarup N, Drenos F, Sim X, Smith AV, Amin N, Blakemore AIF, Bork-Jensen J, Brandslund I, Farmaki AE, Fava C, Ferreira T, Herzig KH, Giri A, Giulianini F, Grove ML, Guo X, Harris SE, Have CT, Havulinna AS, Zhang H, Kooperberg C, Linneberg A, Little L, Liu Y, Bonnycastle LL, Lu Y, Mahajan A, Malerba G, Marioni RE, Mei H, Menni C, Morrison AC, Padmanabhan S, Palmas W, Poveda A, Rauramaa R, Rayner NW, Riaz M, Rice K, **Richard MA** , Smith JA, Southam L, Stirrups KE, Tragante V, Tuomi T, Tzoulaki I, Varga TV, Weiss S, Yiorkas AM, Young R, Zhang W, Barnes MR, Cabrera CP, Gao H, Boehnke M, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Chambers JC, Connell JM, Christensen CK, de Boer RA, Deary IJ, Dedoussis G, Deloukas P, Dominiczak AF, Joehanes R, Edwards TL, Fornage M, Franceschini N, Franks PW, Gambaro G, Groop L, Hansen T, Hayward C, Heikki O, Ingelsson E, Tuomilehto J, Jarvelin MR, Kardia SLR, Karpe F, Kooner JS, Lakka TA, Langenberg C, Lind L, Loos RJF, Laakso M, McCarthy MI, Melander O, Mohlke KL, Morris AP, Palmer CNA, Pedersen O, Polasek O, Poulter NR, Province MA, Psaty BM, Ridker PM, Rotter JI, Rudan I, Salomaa V, Samani NJ, Sever PJ, Skaaby T, Stafford JM, Starr JM, van der Harst P, van der Meer P, Understanding Society Scientific Group, van Duijn CM, Vergnaud AC, Gudnason V, Wareham NJ, Wilson JG, Willer CJ, Witte DR, Zeggini E, Saleheen D, Butterworth AS, Danesh J, Asselbergs FW, Wain LV, Ehret GB, Chasman DI, Caulfield MJ, Elliott P, Lindgren CM, Levy D, Newton-Cheh C, Munroe PB, Howson JMM, CHARGE EXOME BP, CHD Exome+, Exome BP, GoT2D:T2DGenes Consortia, The UK Biobank Cardio-Metabolic Tra, J?rgensen ME, K?r?j?m?ki A, M?gi R, Stanc?kov? A, D?rr M, Esko T, Hallmans G. New Blood Pressure-Associated Loci Identified in Meta-Analyses of 475?000 Individuals. Circ Cardiovasc Genet. 2017 Oct; 10(5). PMID: [29030403](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29030403); PMCID: [PMC5776077](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5776077).

Citations:
[27](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29030403/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen GeneticsVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  42. Nandakumar P, Lee D, **Richard MA** , Tekola-Ayele F, Tayo BO, Ware E, Sung YJ, Salako B, Ogunniyi A, Gu CC, Grove ML, Fornage M, Kardia S, Rotimi C, Cooper RS, Morrison AC, Ehret G, Chakravarti A. Rare coding variants associated with blood pressure variation in 15?914 individuals of African ancestry. J Hypertens. 2017 07; 35(7):1381-1389. PMID: [28234671](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28234671); PMCID: [PMC5451310](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5451310).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28234671/citedby/) Fields:

Vas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  43. Quan Y, Wang Z, Gong L, Peng X, **Richard MA** , Zhang J, Fornage M, Alcorn JL, Wang D. Exosome miR-371b-5p promotes proliferation of lung alveolar progenitor type II cells by using PTEN to orchestrate the PI3K/Akt signaling. Stem Cell Res Ther. 2017 06 08; 8(1):138. PMID: [28595637](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28595637); PMCID: [PMC5465462](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5465462).

Citations:
[13](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28595637/citedby/) Fields:

Cel Cell BiologyThe Therapeutics

Translation:HumansAnimalsCells

  44. Hu Y, Tanaka T, Zhu J, Guan W, Wu JHY, Psaty BM, McKnight B, King IB, Sun Q, **Richard M** , Manichaikul A, Frazier-Wood AC, Kabagambe EK, [Hopkins PN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269104), Ordovas JM, Ferrucci L, Bandinelli S, Arnett DK, Chen YI, Liang S, Siscovick DS, Tsai MY, Rich SS, Fornage M, Hu FB, Rimm EB, Jensen MK, Lemaitre RN, Mozaffarian D, Steffen LM, Morris AP, Li H, Lin X. Discovery and fine-mapping of loci associated with MUFAs through trans-ethnic meta-analysis in Chinese and European populations. J Lipid Res. 2017 05; 58(5):974-981. PMID: [28298293](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28298293); PMCID: [PMC5408616](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5408616).

Citations:
[8](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28298293/citedby/) Fields:

Bio Biochemistry

Translation:Humans

  45. Avery CL, Wassel CL, **Richard MA** , Highland HM, Bien S, Zubair N, Soliman EZ, Fornage M, Bielinski SJ, Tao R, Seyerle AA, Shah SJ, Lloyd-Jones DM, Buyske S, Rotter JI, Post WS, Rich SS, Hindorff LA, Jeff JM, Shohet RV, Sotoodehnia N, Lin DY, Whitsel EA, Peters U, Haiman CA, Crawford DC, Kooperberg C, North KE. Fine mapping of QT interval regions in global populations refines previously identified QT interval loci and identifies signals unique to African and Hispanic descent populations. Heart Rhythm. 2017 04; 14(4):572-580. PMID: [27988371](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27988371); PMCID: [PMC5448160](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5448160).

Citations:
[12](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27988371/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  46. Tajuddin SM, Schick UM, Eicher JD, Giri A, Brody JA, Hill WD, Kacprowski T, Li J, Manichaikul A, Mihailov E, O'Donoghue ML, Pankratz N, Pazoki R, Polfus LM, Smith AV, Schurmann C, Vacchi-Suzzi C, Waterworth DM, Evangelou E, Yanek LR, Burt A, Chen MH, van Rooij FJ, Floyd JS, Greinacher A, Harris TB, Highland HM, Lange LA, Liu Y, Nalls MA, Mathias RA, Nickerson DA, Nikus K, Starr JM, Tzoulaki I, Velez Edwards DR, Bartz TM, Becker LC, Denny JC, Raffield LM, Friedrich N, Fornage M, Gao H, Hirschhorn JN, Liewald DC, Rich SS, Uitterlinden A, Bastarache L, Becker DM, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Bottinger EP, Hayward C, Hofman A, Homuth G, Lange E, Launer LJ, Lu Y, Metspalu A, O'Donnell CJ, Quarells RC, **Richard M** , Torstenson ES, Taylor KD, Vergnaud AC, Zonderman AB, Crosslin DR, Deary IJ, Elliott P, Evans MK, Gudnason V, Psaty BM, Rotter JI, Slater AJ, Dehghan A, White HD, Ganesh SK, Loos RJ, Faraday N, Wilson JG, Cushman M, Johnson AD, Edwards TL, Zakai NA, Reiner AP, Auer PL, Chami N, Lyytik?inen LP, M?gi R, Tardif JC, Wallentin L, Rioux JD, de Denus S, Lehtim?ki T, D?rr M, K?h?nen M, Esko T, Lettre G. Large-Scale Exome-wide Association Analysis Identifies Loci for White Blood Cell Traits and Pleiotropy with Immune-Mediated Diseases. Am J Hum Genet. 2016 Jul 07; 99(1):22-39. PMID: [27346689](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27346689); PMCID: [PMC5005433](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5005433).

Citations:
[29](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27346689/citedby/) Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:HumansCells

  47. Eicher JD, Kacprowski T, Nomura A, Chen MH, Yanek LR, Tajuddin SM, Schick UM, Slater AJ, Pankratz N, Polfus L, Schurmann C, Giri A, Brody JA, Lange LA, Manichaikul A, Hill WD, Pazoki R, Elliot P, Evangelou E, Tzoulaki I, Gao H, Vergnaud AC, Mathias RA, Becker DM, Becker LC, Burt A, Crosslin DR, Nikus K, Hernesniemi J, Raitoharju E, Mononen N, Raitakari OT, Cushman M, Zakai NA, Nickerson DA, Raffield LM, Quarells R, Willer CJ, Peloso GM, Abecasis GR, Liu DJ, Global Lipids Genetics Consortium, Deloukas P, Samani NJ, CARDIoGRAM Exome Consortium, Myocardial Infarction Genetics Consortium, Fornage M, **Richard M** , Lu Y, Bottinger EP, Loos RJ, Smith AV, Harris TB, Launer LJ, Gudnason V, Velez Edwards DR, Torstenson ES, Liu Y, Tracy RP, Rotter JI, Rich SS, Highland HM, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Li J, Lange E, Wilson JG, Mihailov E, Hirschhorn J, Metspalu A, Vacchi-Suzzi C, Nalls MA, Zonderman AB, Evans MK, O'Donoghue ML, Waterworth DM, Wallentin L, White HD, Floyd JS, Bartz TM, Rice KM, Psaty BM, Starr JM, Liewald DC, Hayward C, Deary IJ, Greinacher A, Thiele T, van Rooij FJ, Franco OH, Dehghan A, Edwards TL, Ganesh SK, Kathiresan S, Faraday N, Auer PL, Reiner AP, Johnson AD, Chami N, Lyytik?inen LP, K?h?nen M, Lehtim?ki T, Schunkert H, Erdmann J, Tardif JC, Rioux JD, Dube MP, de Denus S, M?gi R, Esko T, Engstr?m G, Orho-Melander M, Melander O, V?lker U, V?lzke H, Uitterlinden AG, Lettre G. Platelet-Related Variants Identified by Exomechip Meta-analysis in 157,293 Individuals. Am J Hum Genet. 2016 Jul 07; 99(1):40-55. PMID: [27346686](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27346686); PMCID: [PMC5005441](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5005441).

Citations:
[40](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27346686/citedby/) Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:HumansCells

  48. Chen MH, Slater AJ, Eicher JD, Evangelou E, Tajuddin SM, Love-Gregory L, Kacprowski T, Schick UM, Nomura A, Giri A, Brody JA, Pankratz N, Yanek LR, Manichaikul A, Pazoki R, Mihailov E, Hill WD, Raffield LM, Burt A, Bartz TM, Becker DM, Becker LC, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Bork-Jensen J, Bottinger EP, O'Donoghue ML, Crosslin DR, Elliott P, Evans MK, Floyd JS, Fornage M, Gao H, Greinacher A, Gudnason V, Hansen T, Harris TB, Hayward C, Hernesniemi J, Highland HM, Hirschhorn JN, Hofman A, Irvin MR, Lange E, Launer LJ, Li J, Liewald DC, Linneberg A, Liu Y, Mathias RA, Metspalu A, Mononen N, Nickerson DA, Nikus K, O'Donnell CJ, Pedersen O, Petersmann A, Polfus L, Psaty BM, Raitakari OT, Raitoharju E, **Richard M** , Rice KM, Rivadeneira F, Rotter JI, Schmidt F, Smith AV, Starr JM, Taylor KD, Teumer A, Thuesen BH, Torstenson ES, Tracy RP, Tzoulaki I, Zakai NA, Vacchi-Suzzi C, van Duijn CM, van Rooij FJ, Cushman M, Deary IJ, Velez Edwards DR, Vergnaud AC, Wallentin L, Waterworth DM, White HD, Wilson JG, Zonderman AB, Kathiresan S, Grarup N, Lange LA, Faraday N, Abumrad NA, Edwards TL, Ganesh SK, Auer PL, Johnson AD, Reiner AP, Chami N, Lessard S, Schurmann C, de Denus S, Dub? MP, Engstr?m G, K?h?nen M, Lehtim?ki T, Lu Y, Lyytik?inen LP, M?gi R, Melander O, Nalls MA, Orho-Melander M, Esko T, Loos RJ, Lettre G. Exome Genotyping Identifies Pleiotropic Variants Associated with Red Blood Cell Traits. Am J Hum Genet. 2016 Jul 07; 99(1):8-21. PMID: [27346685](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27346685); PMCID: [PMC5005438](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5005438).

Citations:
[38](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27346685/citedby/) Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:HumansCells

  49. Sung YJ, Winkler TW, Manning AK, Aschard H, Gudnason V, Harris TB, Smith AV, [Boerwinkle E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Brown MR, Morrison AC, Fornage M, Lin LA, **Richard M** , Bartz TM, Psaty BM, Hayward C, Polasek O, Marten J, Rudan I, Feitosa MF, Kraja AT, Province MA, Deng X, Fisher VA, Zhou Y, Bielak LF, Smith J, Huffman JE, Padmanabhan S, Smith BH, Ding J, Liu Y, Lohman K, Bouchard C, Rankinen T, Rice TK, Arnett D, Schwander K, Guo X, Palmas W, Rotter JI, Alfred T, Bottinger EP, Loos RJ, Amin N, Franco OH, van Duijn CM, Vojinovic D, Chasman DI, Ridker PM, Rose LM, Kardia S, Zhu X, Rice K, Borecki IB, Rao DC, Gauderman WJ, Cupples LA. An Empirical Comparison of Joint and Stratified Frameworks for Studying G ? E Interactions: Systolic Blood Pressure and Smoking in the CHARGE Gene-Lifestyle Interactions Working Group. Genet Epidemiol. 2016 07; 40(5):404-15. PMID: [27230302](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27230302); PMCID: [PMC4911246](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4911246).

Citations:
[12](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27230302/citedby/) Fields:

Epi EpidemiologyGen Genetics

Translation:Humans

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 49 publications over 9 distinct years, with a maximum of
10 publications in
2020](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|10&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,50,40,80,100,40,50,50,30&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2016| 5  
2017| 5  
2018| 4  
2019| 8  
2020| 10  
2021| 4  
2022| 5  
2023| 5  
2024| 3  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

RICHARD's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (216)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Genome-Wide Association Study](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/255617)
  * [Hypospadias](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/245707)
  * [Cancer Survivors](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27545246)
  * [Blood Pressure](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/244244)
  * [DNA Methylation](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/243082)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23479060/198)

_

Co-Authors (31)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [LUPO, PHILIP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034)
  * [BROWN, AUSTIN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6541039)
  * [ZACHARIAH, JUSTIN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12328498)
  * [GRAMATGES, MARIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266349)
  * [SCHEURER, MICHAEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265805)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23479060/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [BOERWINKLE, ERIC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689)
  * [AMOS, CHRIS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23372697)
  * [LUPO, PHILIP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034)
  * [KANTARJIAN, HAGOP M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582901)
  * [WU, XIFENG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582536)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23479060/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [HOANG, THANH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/35692933)
  * [LUPO, PHILIP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034)
  * [PECKHAM-GREGORY, ERIN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/7520389)
  * [SCHRAW, JEREMY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19884761)
  * [ZOBECK, MARK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016486)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

