## GAYATRI MIRANI

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=Eaop4HHVKcXYT53s7nLiKLeBaRSOgg%3d%3d&rnd=8577d844-c38c-41af-98b7-0ea0a2a2eecc)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=23478920)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. [McKinney J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/24844917), **Mirani G** , [Levison J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267414). Providers Have a Responsibility to Discuss Options for Infant Feeding With Pregnant People With Human Immunodeficiency Virus in High-Income Countries. Clin Infect Dis. 2023 02 08; 76(3):535-539. PMID: [36097892](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36097892).

Citations:

  2. [Valencia Deray KG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/24845173), Weyland C, Jeang D, **Mirani G** , Cameron LH. A 6-year-old child with a new diagnosis of perinatal human immunodeficiency virus infection. SAGE Open Med Case Rep. 2022; 10:2050313X221144208. PMID: [36530371](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36530371); PMCID: [PMC9751164](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9751164).

Citations:

  3. He S, [Messner AH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/28999257), **Mirani G**. Otosyphilis: A Rare Cause of Reversible Hearing Loss in a Teenage Male. Cureus. 2022 Mar; 14(3):e23468. PMID: [35494944](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35494944); PMCID: [PMC9038597](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9038597).

Citations:

  4. Weyland C, **Mirani G** , [Gillespie SL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269232), [Paul ME](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266659). A Case of in utero Transmission of Drug-resistant HIV in the United States. Pediatr Infect Dis J. 2022 01 01; 41(1):57-59. PMID: [34609103](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34609103).

Citations:  Fields:

Com Communicable DiseasesPed Pediatrics

Translation:HumansCellsPHPublic Health

  5. Marret JC, Valerie E, Smith RK, Greer DL, Craver R, Begue R, **Mirani G**. Lung Mass in a Teenage Male With Asthma. Pediatr Infect Dis J. 2016 Jun; 35(6):711. PMID: [26986768](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26986768).

Citations:  Fields:

Com Communicable DiseasesPed Pediatrics

Translation:HumansAnimals

  6. **Mirani G** , Williams PL, Chernoff M, Abzug MJ, Levin MJ, Seage GR, Oleske JM, Purswani MU, Hazra R, Traite S, Zimmer B, Van Dyke RB, IMPAACT P1074 Study Team. Changing Trends in Complications and Mortality Rates Among US Youth and Young Adults With HIV Infection in the Era of Combination Antiretroviral Therapy. Clin Infect Dis. 2015 Dec 15; 61(12):1850-61. PMID: [26270680](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26270680); PMCID: [PMC4657532](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4657532).

Citations:
[30](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26270680/citedby/) Fields:

Com Communicable Diseases

Translation:Humans

  7. Cope JR, Ratard RC, Hill VR, Sokol T, Causey JJ, Yoder JS, **Mirani G** , Mull B, Mukerjee KA, Narayanan J, Doucet M, Qvarnstrom Y, Poole CN, Akingbola OA, Ritter JM, Xiong Z, da Silva AJ, Roellig D, Van Dyke RB, Stern H, Xiao L, Beach MJ. The first association of a primary amebic meningoencephalitis death with culturable Naegleria fowleri in tap water from a US treated public drinking water system. Clin Infect Dis. 2015 Apr 15; 60(8):e36-42. PMID: [25595746](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25595746); PMCID: [PMC4627687](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4627687).

Citations:
[22](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25595746/citedby/) Fields:

Com Communicable Diseases

Translation:HumansAnimals

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 7 publications over 4 distinct years, with a maximum of 3
publications in
2022](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|3&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,67,33,0,0,0,0,0,100,33,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2015| 2  
2016| 1  
2022| 3  
2023| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

MIRANI's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (45)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Ascomycota](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/241791)
  * [Invasive Pulmonary Aspergillosis](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/256868)
  * [AIDS-Related Opportunistic Infections](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/259382)
  * [Anti-Retroviral Agents](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/256990)
  * [Antiretroviral Therapy, Highly Active](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/264606)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478920/198)

_

Co-Authors (6)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [LEVISON, JUDY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267414)
  * [MCKINNEY, JENNIFER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/24844917)
  * [VALENCIA DERAY, KRISTEN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/24845173)
  * [MESSNER, ANNA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/28999257)
  * [PAUL, MARY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266659)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478920/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [GIORDANO, THOMAS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269417)
  * [HANANIA, NICOLA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266276)
  * [RODRIGUEZ-BARRADAS, MARIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269379)
  * [HO, DAVID](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267305)
  * [KONTOYIANNIS, DIMITRIOS P](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582577)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478920/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [ALVARADO, SASHA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/38926246)
  * [BUHEIS, MARIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266319)
  * [CHINN, IVAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8065501)
  * [HAJJAR, JOUD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010398)
  * [HEARRELL, MELISSA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/29494226)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

