## STEPHANIE CHAPMAN

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=JahiwWfELcXwQpo%3d&rnd=44c691f4-8fd1-4d51-922b-5c9dc8cb566d)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=2619308)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Biography  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
awards and honors

2016 - 2016| Texas Children's Superstar Physician / Provider, Texas Children's
Hospital  
---|---  
2016 - 2016| Psychology Section Lecture of The Year, Texas Children's / Baylor
College of Medicine  
2020 - 2020|  Health Care Hero, Texas Hospitals Magazine  
  
  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. . Cummings, A., Correa, N., Schwarzwald, H. & Chapman, S. Can Pediatric Primary Care Practices Afford Integrated Behavioral Health? A Comparison of 5 Pediatric Practices. Clinical Pediatrics. 2022. [View Publication](https://doi.org/10.1177/00099228221106621).

  2. . Health Care Services Utilization by Transgender Patients in a Medicaid Managed Program. Journal of Health Care for the Poor and Underserved. 2021; 1(32):435-448.

  3. . Integration of Behavioral Health Services into Primary Pediatric Care: The behind the scenes story of a pilot study in Southeast, Texas. Journal of Applied Research on Children: Informing Policy for Children at Risk:. 2020; 1(11). [View Publication](https://digitalcommons.library.tmc.edu/childrenatrisk/vol11/iss1/8).

  4. . Dempsey, A. (ed.), Pediatric Health Conditions in Schools; A Clinicianâ€™s Guide for Working with Children, Families and Educators. Neurodevelopmental Disorders Presenting in Early Childhood. 2019.

  5. . Behavioral Health Service Utilization: Trends in Utilization within a Patient-Centered Medical Home for Low-Income Children and Women. Journal of Family Medicine and Primary Care. 2019. [View Publication](http:// doi: 10.4103/jfmpc.jfmpc_412_19: 10.4103/jfmpc.jfmpc_412_19).

  6. . Meeting the Measure: Improving ADHD Care in the Medical Home. American Journal of Accountable Care. 2017; 46-51.

  7. Axelrad , M., & **CHAPMAN S**. G. . The Brief Behavioral Intervention for Preschoolers With Disruptive Behaviors: A Clinical Program Guide for Clinicians. 2016.

  8. TeenWOW: Teens Working on Wellness. Therapy Manual Teen Behavioral Group and Parent Group. 1st ed. Copyright Teen Working on Wellness Program. 2016.

  9. Treatment of Preschool Depression with Parent Management Training: A Case Study. Journal of Depression and Anxiety. 2015. [View Publication](http://doi: 10.4172/2167-1044.1000171).

  10. . Treatment effectiveness of a brief behavioral intervention for preschool disruptive behavior. Journal of Clinical Psychology in Medical Settings. 2013; (20):323-332.

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 10 publications over 8 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in 2016 and
2019](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,0,50,100,50,0,100,50,50,50,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2013| 1  
2015| 1  
2016| 2  
2017| 1  
2019| 2  
2020| 1  
2021| 1  
2022| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [GARLAND, BETH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265598)
  * [KOCHEL, ROBIN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269260)
  * [SCHNEIDER, NICOLE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009775)
  * [SCHWARTZ, DAVID](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265540)
  * [ZIMMERMAN, CORTNEY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009640)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [CLINE, VIRGINIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265753)
  * [SCHNEIDER, NICOLE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009775)
  * [TASLIMI, KARIN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270192)
  * [WOLFE, RACHEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010447)
  * [ZIMMERMAN, CORTNEY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009640)

_

