## STACY PIERSON

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=Jakg6GDVM4TVRIzgrn7GPw%3d%3d&rnd=1ab5a96d-0841-4af9-94dd-0bb7212f23ef)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=266125)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=266125&cachekey=24a2c2b9-72d0-4df7-9e28-7ab743a8f4e7)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. **Pierson SB** , Dongarwar D, Bini T, Onwukwe JT, House K, Rosiji FO, Salihu HM. Factors Associated With Discharge Against Medical Advice in US Adolescents Hospitalized for Suicidal Ideation or Suicide Attempt. J Am Acad Child Adolesc Psychiatry. 2024 Jan 25. PMID: [38280417](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38280417).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped PediatricsPsy Psychiatry

  2. [Wallace SS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265883), [Ban K](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/14348483), Singh A, [Lui K](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8451888), Molleda IC, Orth RC, **Pierson SB** , [Hess L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15317789), Lo HY, [Koh CJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010549), Walker L, Neubauer H, Macias CG. Clinical Predictors for Abnormal Renal Bladder Ultrasound in Hospitalized Young Children With a First Febrile Urinary Tract Infection. Hosp Pediatr. 2020 05; 10(5):392-400. PMID: [32303562](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32303562).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  3. . Caring for the Hospitalized Child: A Handbook of Inpatient Pediatrics. Henoch-Schonlein Purpura. 2017.

  4. **Pierson SB**. Case 3: Rash and Fever in a 12-year-old Girl. Pediatr Rev. 2017 Feb; 38(2):96. PMID: [28148708](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28148708).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  5. **PIERSON S** B, et al. . Contemporary Pediatrics. Best of Puzzler: Stumped by a bleeding umbilicus. 2015; 32(3):9, 39.

  6. Mehta P and **PIERSON S** B. Contemporary Pediatrics. Stumped by a bleeding umbilicus. 2014; 31(2):19-35-36, 38. [View Publication](http://contemporarypediatrics.modernmedicine.com/contemporary-pediatrics/content/tags/bleeding-disorder/stumped-bleeding-umbilicus).

  7. . Step Up to Pediatrics (eds. Sha S, Alverson B, Garber M). Chronic Granulomatous Disease. 2014.

  8. . Step Up to Pediatrics (eds. Sha S, Alverson B, and Garber M). Hyper IgE Syndrome. 2014.

  9. . Step Up to Pediatrics - Editors S. Sha, B. Alverson, and M. Garber. Schwachman-Diamond Syndrome. 2014.

  10. . Step Up to Pediatrics - Editors S. Sha, B. Alverson, and M. Garber. Disorders of Complement. 2014.

  11. . Step Up to Pediatrics - Editors S. Sha, B. Alverson, and M. Garber. Chediak-Higashi Syndrome. 2014.

  12. . Caring for the Hospitalized Child: A Handbook of Inpatient Pediatrics. Editors: D Rauch and J Gershal. Henoch Schonlein Purpura. 2013.

  13. Maniscalco J, Dryer AL, Marks A, Yunghans M, **Pierson SB** , Sgarlat CM, Sveen AR, Blanch LE. Index of suspicion. Pediatr Rev. 2008 Sep; 29(9):321-8. PMID: [18765471](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18765471).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  14. Festekjian A, **Pierson SB** , Zlotkin D. Index of suspicion. Pediatr Rev. 2006 May; 27(5):189-94. PMID: [16651276](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16651276).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 14 publications over 8 distinct years, with a maximum of 6
publications in
2014](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|6&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,17,0,17,0,0,0,0,17,100,17,0,33,0,0,17,0,0,0,17&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2006| 1  
2008| 1  
2013| 1  
2014| 6  
2015| 1  
2017| 2  
2020| 1  
2024| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

PIERSON's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (32)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Shock, Septic](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/259516)
  * [Exanthema](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/245374)
  * [Fever](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/252005)
  * [Staphylococcal Infections](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/245357)
  * [Urinary Bladder](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/257844)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266125/198)

_

Co-Authors (5)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [WALLACE, SOWDHAMINI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265883)
  * [KOH, CHESTER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010549)
  * [LUI, KAREN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8451888)
  * [BAN, KATHRYN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/14348483)
  * [HESS, LAUREN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15317789)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266125/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [KAPLAN, SHELDON](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266443)
  * [HULTEN, KRISTINA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267551)
  * [MCNEIL, JONATHON](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268785)
  * [CRUZ, ANDREA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269697)
  * [SOHAIL, MUHAMMAD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31636184)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266125/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [ASAITHAMBI, RATHI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23479118)
  * [BAN, KATHRYN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/14348483)
  * [DELBECQ, ERICA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478907)
  * [LUI, KAREN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8451888)
  * [VACHANI, JOYEE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266064)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [GREEN, CAROL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268074)
  * [HAUSER, ANDREA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269958)
  * [MCCLURE, MEGHAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009827)
  * [PARIKH, VIPUL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266072)
  * [ROCHA, MARY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268324)

_

