## DEAN MCKENZIE

| | Title| Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Surgery  
Address| 6621 FANNIN  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=Eq4x7yvqI6DwSJXk5VvAKbnCIhWf&rnd=3af8813d-912f-4b0c-b0b9-17156fc137b3)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=266894)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=266894&cachekey=c73bded9-3d2e-47bb-8b57-50a5c273563a)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Overview  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
overview

Dr. Emmett Dean McKenzie maintains board certification in general surgery,
thoracic surgery, and congenital heart surgery. He has practiced congenital
heart surgery and pediatric heart and lung transplantation at Texas Children’s
Hospital since 1998.  
  
Dr. McKenzie’s research centers on neurologic protection during
cardiopulmonary bypass and the advancement of surgical and perfusion
techniques to eliminate the use of deep hypothermic circulatory arrest (DHCA)
during aortic reconstruction. He has extensive experience with and has
developed innovative surgical techniques for repair of the aortic arch,
including the ascending sliding arch aortoplasty.  
  
Dr. McKenzie is also interested in pediatric heart and lung transplantation,
including the use of long-term mechanical circulatory support and the
development, implementation, and academic use of clinical databases with
special emphasis on long-term clinical outcomes. Dr. McKenzie believes it is a
privilege to care for children with congenital heart and lung disease and he
aspires to earn the trust of the children and parents in his care.  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
keywords

  * [Pediatric heart and lung transplantation Clinical outcomes Neurologic protection during cardiopulmonary bypass](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Pediatric heart and lung transplantation
Clinical outcomes

Neurologic protection during cardiopulmonary bypass&exactphrase=false)

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Stephens A, **McKenzie D** , [Heinle J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270156), [Melicoff-Portillo E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2560335), Gazzaneo C, [Coleman R](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009876), [Adachi I](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269319). Central extracorporeal membrane oxygenation to lung transplantation after remote arterial switch operation. JTCVS Tech. 2021 Dec; 10:452-455. PMID: [34977782](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34977782); PMCID: [PMC8690869](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8690869).

Citations:

  2. Moore EJ, Olver J, Bryant AL, **McKenzie DP** , Williams G. Therapy influences goal attainment following botulinum neurotoxin injection for focal spasticity in adults with neurological conditions. Brain Inj. 2018; 32(7):948-956. PMID: [29718712](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29718712).

Citations:  Fields:

Bra Brain

Translation:Humans

  3. [Tsang R](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009633), Hilvers P, [Lupo PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270034), [Bronicki R](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268531), **McKenzie D** , [Checchia PA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267197). Maternal obesity and excessive maternal weight gain during pregnancy: effects on outcomes after neonatal cardiac surgical procedures. Cardiol Young. 2018 Mar; 28(3):391-396. PMID: [29239284](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29239284).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29239284/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyPed PediatricsVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  4. Bobevski I, Rowe H, Clarke DM, **McKenzie DP** , Fisher J. Early postnatal demoralisation among primiparous women in the community: measurement, prevalence and associated factors. BMC Pregnancy Childbirth. 2015 Oct 12; 15:259. PMID: [26459266](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26459266); PMCID: [PMC4603773](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4603773).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26459266/citedby/) Fields:

Obs Obstetrics

Translation:Humans

  5. Mery CM, Khan MS, Verm R, Umakanthan R, Watrin CH, [Adachi I](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269319), [Heinle JS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270156), **McKenzie ED** , Fraser CD, Guzm?n-Pruneda FA. Contemporary results of surgical repair of recurrent aortic arch obstruction. Ann Thorac Surg. 2014 Jul; 98(1):133-40; discussion 140-1. PMID: [24751153](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24751153).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24751153/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  6. **McKenzie ED** , Khan MS, Dietzman TW, Samayoa AX, [Liou A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265525), [Heinle JS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270156), Fraser CD, Guzm?n-Pruneda FA. Surgical pulmonary valve replacement: a benchmark for outcomes comparisons. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2014 Oct; 148(4):1450-3. PMID: [24703628](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24703628).

Citations:
[16](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24703628/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  7. Rosen JB, Schecter MG, [Heinle JS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270156), **McKenzie ED** , Morales DL, Dishop MK, Danziger-Isakov L, Mallory GB, Elidemir O. Clostridium difficile colitis in children following lung transplantation. Pediatr Transplant. 2010 Aug; 14(5):651-6. PMID: [20561346](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20561346).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20561346/citedby/) Fields:

Ped PediatricsTra Transplantation

Translation:HumansCells

  8. [Andropoulos DB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268201), [Mizrahi EM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269642), [Hrachovy RA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269495), Stayer SA, Stark AR, [Heinle JS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270156), **McKenzie ED** , [Dickerson HA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267035), [Meador MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265941), Fraser CD. Electroencephalographic seizures after neonatal cardiac surgery with high-flow cardiopulmonary bypass. Anesth Analg. 2010 Jun 01; 110(6):1680-5. PMID: [20435942](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20435942).

Citations:
[12](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20435942/citedby/) Fields:

Ane Anesthesiology

Translation:Humans

  9. McKenzie M, Clarke DM, **McKenzie DP** , Smith GC. Which factors predict the persistence of DSM-IV depression, anxiety, and somatoform disorders in the medically ill three months post hospital discharge? J Psychosom Res. 2010 Jan; 68(1):21-8. PMID: [20004297](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20004297).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20004297/citedby/) Fields:

Psy Psychiatry

Translation:Humans

  10. Zaidi S, Elidemir O, [Heinle JS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270156), **McKenzie ED** , Schecter MG, [Kaplan SL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266443), Dishop MK, Kearney DL, Mallory GB. Mycobacterium abscessus in cystic fibrosis lung transplant recipients: report of 2 cases and risk for recurrence. Transpl Infect Dis. 2009 Jun; 11(3):243-8. PMID: [19298240](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19298240).

Citations:
[15](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19298240/citedby/) Fields:

Tra Transplantation

Translation:HumansCells

  11. Elidemir O, Smith KJ, Schecter MG, Seethamraju H, Mahoney DH, **McKenzie ED** , Mallory GB. Lung transplantation in a patient with a thrombophilic disorder. Pediatr Transplant. 2008 May; 12(3):368-71. PMID: [18346036](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18346036).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18346036/citedby/) Fields:

Ped PediatricsTra Transplantation

Translation:Humans

  12. Kissane DW, McKenzie M, Bloch S, Moskowitz C, **McKenzie DP** , O'Neill I. Family focused grief therapy: a randomized, controlled trial in palliative care and bereavement. Am J Psychiatry. 2006 Jul; 163(7):1208-18. PMID: [16816226](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16816226).

Citations:
[42](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16816226/citedby/) Fields:

Psy Psychiatry

Translation:Humans

  13. [Kim JJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270078), Kearney DL, Grifka RG, **McKenzie ED** , Mott AR. Pulmonary venous stenosis as an associated manifestation of left-sided obstructive lesions in an infant with partial atrioventricular canal defect. Pediatr Cardiol. 2005 Jul-Aug; 26(4):449-51. PMID: [16374697](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16374697).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16374697/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  14. Barton CA, **McKenzie DP** , Walters EH, Abramson MJ, Victorian Asthma Mortality Study Group. Interactions between psychosocial problems and management of asthma: who is at risk of dying? J Asthma. 2005 May; 42(4):249-56. PMID: [16032933](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16032933).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16032933/citedby/) Fields:

All Allergy and ImmunologyPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  15. Chang AC, **McKenzie ED**. Mechanical cardiopulmonary support in children and young adults: extracorporeal membrane oxygenation, ventricular assist devices, and long-term support devices. Pediatr Cardiol. 2005 Jan-Feb; 26(1):2-28. PMID: [15156301](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15156301).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/15156301/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  16. Dimas VV, Kovalchin JP, **McKenzie ED** , Kung GC. Infected pseudoaneurysm of a right modified Blalock-Taussig shunt. Pediatr Cardiol. 2004 Nov-Dec; 25(6):700-1. PMID: [15793627](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15793627).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/15793627/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  17. [Andropoulos DB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268201), Stayer SA, Skjonsby BS, East DL, **McKenzie ED** , Fraser CD. Anesthetic and perioperative outcome of teenagers and adults with congenital heart disease. J Cardiothorac Vasc Anesth. 2002 Dec; 16(6):731-6. PMID: [12486655](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12486655).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/12486655/citedby/) Fields:

Ane AnesthesiologyCar CardiologyPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  18. Mott AR, Fraser CD, **McKenzie ED** , Bezold LI, [Andropoulos DB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268201), Reul GJ, Miranda CH, Bedford SL, Feltes TF. Perioperative care of the adult with congenital heart disease in a free-standing tertiary pediatric facility. Pediatr Cardiol. 2002 Nov-Dec; 23(6):624-30. PMID: [12530496](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12530496).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/12530496/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  19. Fraser CD, **McKenzie ED** , Cooley DA. Tetralogy of Fallot: surgical management individualized to the patient. Ann Thorac Surg. 2001 May; 71(5):1556-61; discussion 1561-3. PMID: [11383800](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11383800).

Citations:
[20](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/11383800/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  20. Rivenes SM, Lewin MB, Stayer SA, Bent ST, Schoenig HM, **McKenzie ED** , Fraser CD, [Andropoulos DB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268201). Cardiovascular effects of sevoflurane, isoflurane, halothane, and fentanyl-midazolam in children with congenital heart disease: an echocardiographic study of myocardial contractility and hemodynamics. Anesthesiology. 2001 Feb; 94(2):223-9. PMID: [11176085](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11176085).

Citations:
[18](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/11176085/citedby/) Fields:

Ane Anesthesiology

Translation:HumansCTClinical Trials

  21. Stayer SA, [Andropoulos DB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268201), Bent ST, **McKenzie ED** , Fraser CD. Volume ventilation of infants with congenital heart disease: a comparison of Dr?ger, NAD 6000 and Siemens, Servo 900C ventilators. Anesth Analg. 2001 Jan; 92(1):76-9. PMID: [11133604](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11133604).

Citations:  Fields:

Ane Anesthesiology

Translation:HumansCTClinical Trials

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 21 publications over 13 distinct years, with a maximum of
3 publications in 2001 and 2005 and
2010](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|3&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,100,67,0,33,100,33,0,33,33,100,0,0,0,67,33,0,33,33,0,0,33,0,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2001| 3  
2002| 2  
2004| 1  
2005| 3  
2006| 1  
2008| 1  
2009| 1  
2010| 3  
2014| 2  
2015| 1  
2017| 1  
2018| 1  
2021| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

MCKENZIE's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (178)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Pulmonary Valve Insufficiency](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/246667)
  * [Ventricular Outflow Obstruction](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/246585)
  * [Pulmonary Valve](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/241101)
  * [Heart Valve Prosthesis](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/241834)
  * [Heart Valve Prosthesis Implantation](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/245640)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266894/198)

_

Co-Authors (16)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [HEINLE, JEFFREY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270156)
  * [ADACHI, IKI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269319)
  * [ANDROPOULOS, DEAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268201)
  * [CHECCHIA, PAUL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267197)
  * [TSANG, ROCKY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009633)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266894/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [QURESHI, ATHAR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010572)
  * [KLEIMAN, NEAL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267822)
  * [COSELLI, JOSEPH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267370)
  * [ADACHI, IKI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269319)
  * [CALDARONE, CHRISTOPHER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/28999164)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266894/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [CALDARONE, CHRISTOPHER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/28999164)
  * [HICKEY, EDWARD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/28999582)
  * [MITCHELL, IAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12243198)
  * [WADHWA, LALITA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267141)
  * [YONEYAMA, FUMIYA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/30036707)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [HEINLE, JEFFREY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270156)
  * [HOLLIER JR, LARRY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268206)
  * [MARSACK, KRISTINA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270166)
  * [MORRISON, CATHERINE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267470)
  * [TRAN, MARY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270005)

_

