## MITCHELL WEIKERT

| | Title| Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Ophthalmology  
Address| 1977 BUTLER BOULEVARD  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=O7w16G7CMp%2fVRIzgrn7GPw%3d%3d&rnd=87fd6b09-09e8-4481-a6a5-525b5329b906)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=267063)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=267063&cachekey=4c7b7aa4-2255-48aa-8d1c-302057b912b8)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Overview  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
overview

Mitchell P. Weikert, M.D., M.S. is an Assistant Professor at the Cullen Eye
Institute, Baylor College of Medicine. Prior to pursuing a career in medicine,
Dr. Weikert received degrees in both electrical and biomedical engineering,
and worked as a design engineer in the petroleum industry. He obtained his
medical degree from Baylor College of Medicine, where he graduated with
honors. During his ophthalmology residency, completed at the Cullen Eye
Institute, Baylor College of Medicine, he served as Chief Resident during his
final year of training. He completed his fellowship in cornea, external
disease, cataract and refractive surgery at the University of Utah School of
Medicine’s John. A. Moran Eye Center.  
  
Dr. Weikert’s research interests include biomedical optics, anterior segment
imaging, intraocular lens technology, and wavefront applications in cataract
and refractive surgery. He has authored numerous articles and book chapters,
and is an active lecturer in his specialization of cornea, external disease,
cataract and refractive surgery. He is a member of the American Academy of
Ophthalmology, where he has served on multiple committees and chaired the
Online Education Committee. He is also a member of the Association of Research
in Vision and Ophthalmology, the Cornea Society, the American Society of
Cataract and Refractive Surgery, the European Society of Cataract and
Refractive Surgery, the International Society of Refractive Surgery, and he
was the 2011-2012 President of the Houston Ophthalmological Society.  
  
Dr. Weikert is the Medical Director of the Lion’s Eye Bank of Texas and the
Residency Program Director at the Cullen Eye Institute, Baylor College of
Medicine. He is a recipient of the Dan B. Jones Teaching Award, the Baylor
College of Medicine Louis J. Girard Distinguished Alumni Award, the AAO
Secretariat Award, the AAO Achievement Award, and has been listed in “The Best
Doctors in America” on an annual basis since 2008.  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
keywords

  * [Cataract Surgery Refractive Surgery Corneal Surgery External Disease](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Cataract Surgery
Refractive Surgery

Corneal Surgery

External Disease&exactphrase=false)

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Kenny PI, Wang L, **Weikert MP** , [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404), Kozhaya K. Reply : Efficacy of segmented axial length and artificial intelligence approaches to intraocular lens power calculation in short eyes. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2024 Mar 01; 50(3):313-314. PMID: [38237066](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38237066); PMCID: [PMC10878438](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10878438).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  2. Kozhaya K, [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404), Wang L, **Weikert MP**. Reply : Efficacy of segmented axial length and artificial intelligence approaches to intraocular lens power calculation in short eyes. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2024 Feb 01; 50(2):195-196. PMID: [38170943](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38170943).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  3. Nair A, Zvietcovich F, Singh M, **Weikert MP** , Aglyamov SR, [Larin KV](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266154). Optical coherence elastography measures the biomechanical properties of the ex vivo porcine cornea after LASIK. J Biomed Opt. 2024 01; 29(1):016002. PMID: [38223300](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38223300); PMCID: [PMC10787573](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10787573).

Citations:  Fields:

Bio Biomedical EngineeringOph Ophthalmology

Translation:Animals

  4. Kenny PI, Esfandiari S, Wang L, **Weikert MP** , [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404), Kozhaya K. Effect of spherical aberration on visual acuity and depth of focus in pseudophakic eyes. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2024 01 01; 50(1):24-29. PMID: [37702444](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37702444).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  5. Kozhaya K, Truong P, Wang L, [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404), **Weikert MP** , Kenny PI. Performance of IOL calculation formulas that use measured posterior corneal power in eyes following myopic laser vision correction. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2024 01 01; 50(1):7-11. PMID: [37702522](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37702522).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/37702522/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  6. Kozhaya K, Wang L, **Weikert MP** , [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404). Early outcomes of second-generation light-adjustable lenses in eyes with and without corneal refractive surgery. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2023 11 01; 49(11):1180-1182. PMID: [37867286](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37867286).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  7. Kenny PI, Kozhaya K, Truong P, **Weikert MP** , Wang L, Hill WE, [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404). Efficacy of segmented axial length and artificial intelligence approaches to intraocular lens power calculation in short eyes. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2023 07 01; 49(7):697-703. PMID: [36940190](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36940190).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  8. Kozhaya K, Chen AJ, Joshi M, Kenny PI, [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404), Fram N, **Weikert MP** , Wang L, [Khandelwal SS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2619420). Comparison of Keratoconus Specific to Standard IOL Formulas in Patients With Keratoconus Undergoing Cataract Surgery. J Refract Surg. 2023 Apr; 39(4):242-248. PMID: [37040215](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37040215).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  9. Solyman O, Matharu KS, Wang Y, **Weikert MP**. A novel simulation model for penetrating keratoplasty. Indian J Ophthalmol. 2021 Dec; 69(12):3785. PMID: [34827053](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34827053); PMCID: [PMC8837378](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8837378).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  10. [Matoba A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267832), **Weikert MP** , Kim S. Corneal Manifestations of Miltefosine Toxicity in Acanthamoeba Keratitis. Ophthalmology. 2021 09; 128(9):1273. PMID: [34420590](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34420590).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  11. [Paysse EA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268192), Kong L, Achim C, **Weikert MP** , Whitlow BT, Romany G, [Coats DK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268331). Developmental Improvement in Children With Intellectual Disability After Photorefractive Keratectomy for Severe Isoametropia. Am J Ophthalmol. 2022 03; 235:15-23. PMID: [34450111](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34450111).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  12. McMillin J, Wang L, Wang MY, Al-Mohtaseb Z, [Khandelwal S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2619420), **Weikert M** , [Hamill MB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267261). Accuracy of intraocular lens calculation formulas for flanged intrascleral intraocular lens fixation with double-needle technique. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2021 Jul 01; 47(7):855-858. PMID: [33315743](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33315743).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33315743/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  13. Shen JF, Deng S, Hammersmith KM, Kuo AN, Li JY, **Weikert MP** , Shtein RM. Intraocular Lens Implantation in the Absence of Zonular Support: An Outcomes and Safety Update: A Report by the American Academy of Ophthalmology. Ophthalmology. 2020 09; 127(9):1234-1258. PMID: [32507620](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32507620).

Citations:
[11](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32507620/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  14. Sigireddi RR, **Weikert MP**. How much astigmatism to treat in cataract surgery. Curr Opin Ophthalmol. 2020 Jan; 31(1):10-14. PMID: [31770161](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31770161).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  15. Shtein RM, Shen JF, Kuo AN, Hammersmith KM, Li JY, **Weikert MP**. Autologous Serum-Based Eye Drops for Treatment of Ocular Surface Disease: A Report by the American Academy of Ophthalmology. Ophthalmology. 2020 01; 127(1):128-133. PMID: [31561880](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31561880).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31561880/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  16. Liu J, Wang L, Chai F, Han Y, Qian S, [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404), **Weikert MP**. Comparison of intraocular lens power calculation formulas in Chinese eyes with axial myopia. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2019 06; 45(6):725-731. PMID: [31146930](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31146930).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31146930/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  17. Ram R, Kang T, **Weikert MP** , Kong L, [Coats DK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268331), [Paysse EA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268192). Corneal indices following photorefractive keratectomy in children at least 5?years after surgery. J AAPOS. 2019 06; 23(3):149.e1-149.e3. PMID: [31103563](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31103563).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph OphthalmologyPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  18. Ma JX, Wang L, **Weikert MP** , Montes de Oca I, [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404). Evaluation of the Repeatability and Reproducibility of Corneal Epithelial Thickness Mapping for a 9-mm Zone Using Optical Coherence Tomography. Cornea. 2019 Jan; 38(1):67-73. PMID: [30379719](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30379719).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30379719/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  19. Wang L, Cao D, **Weikert MP** , [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404). Calculation of Axial Length Using a Single Group Refractive Index versus Using Different Refractive Indices for Each Ocular Segment: Theoretical Study and Refractive Outcomes. Ophthalmology. 2019 05; 126(5):663-670. PMID: [30605743](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30605743).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30605743/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  20. Wang L, Guimaraes de Souza R, **Weikert MP** , [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404). Evaluation of crystalline lens and intraocular lens tilt using a swept-source optical coherence tomography biometer. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2019 01; 45(1):35-40. PMID: [30309775](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30309775).

Citations:
[13](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30309775/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  21. Golla A, Wang L, Morris C, **Weikert MP** , [Khandelwal SS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2619420). Repeatability of central corneal thickness measurements of donor corneas in preservation chamber using Fourier-domain anterior segment optical coherence tomography. Cell Tissue Bank. 2018 Dec; 19(4):717-720. PMID: [30182303](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30182303).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30182303/citedby/) Fields:

Cel Cell BiologyHis HistologyTra Transplantation

Translation:Humans

  22. Chamberlain PD, Montes de Oca I, Shah R, Wang L, **Weikert MP** , [Khandelwal SS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2619420), Al-Mohtaseb Z. Preoperative Prediction of the Optimal Toric Intraocular Lens Alignment Meridian. J Refract Surg. 2018 Aug 01; 34(8):515-520. PMID: [30089180](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30089180).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30089180/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  23. Golla A, **Weikert MP** , [Chevez-Barrios P](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269744), Al-Mohtaseb Z. Anterior Segment Optical Coherence Tomography of Ocular Cystinosis Confirmed by Electron Microscopy. Ocul Oncol Pathol. 2019 Feb; 5(2):110-113. PMID: [30976588](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30976588); PMCID: [PMC6422133](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6422133).

Citations:

  24. Le N, **Weikert MP**. June consultation #2. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2018 06; 44(6):782-784. PMID: [30041743](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30041743).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  25. **Weikert MP** , Golla A, Wang L. Astigmatism induced by intraocular lens tilt evaluated via ray tracing. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2018 Jun; 44(6):745-749. PMID: [29861054](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29861054).

Citations:
[11](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29861054/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  26. Murri MS, **Weikert MP**. April consultation #5. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2018 Apr; 44(4):518-519. PMID: [29778113](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29778113).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  27. Clarke C, Ali SF, Murri M, Patel SN, Wang L, Tuft M, **Weikert MP** , Al-Mohtaseb Z. Outcomes and complication rates of primary resident-performed cataract surgeries at a large tertiary-care county hospital. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2017 12; 43(12):1563-1570. PMID: [29335101](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29335101).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29335101/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  28. Deng SX, Lee WB, Hammersmith KM, Kuo AN, Li JY, Shen JF, **Weikert MP** , Shtein RM. Descemet Membrane Endothelial Keratoplasty: Safety and Outcomes: A Report by the American Academy of Ophthalmology. Ophthalmology. 2018 02; 125(2):295-310. PMID: [28923499](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28923499).

Citations:
[52](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28923499/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  29. **Weikert MP**. Consultation Section: Cataract. August consultation #2. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2017 08; 43(8):1119-1120. PMID: [28917418](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28917418).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  30. G?kce SE, Zeiter JH, **Weikert MP** , [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404), Hill W, Wang L. Intraocular lens power calculations in?short?eyes using 7 formulas. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2017 07; 43(7):892-897. PMID: [28823434](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28823434).

Citations:
[22](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28823434/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  31. Kim EJ, Sajjad A, Montes de Oca I, [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404), Wang L, **Weikert MP** , Al-Mohtaseb ZN. Refractive outcomes after multifocal intraocular lens exchange. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2017 06; 43(6):761-766. PMID: [28732609](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28732609).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28732609/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  32. Brunin G, Sajjad A, Kim EJ, Montes de Oca I, **Weikert MP** , Wang L, [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404), Al-Mohtaseb Z. Secondary intraocular lens implantation: Complication rates, visual acuity, and refractive outcomes. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2017 03; 43(3):369-376. PMID: [28410720](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28410720).

Citations:
[12](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28410720/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  33. Al-Mohtaseb ZN, **Weikert M**. Preface: State of the Art and Beyond: Anterior Segment Diagnostics. Int Ophthalmol Clin. 2017; 57(3):vii-viii. PMID: [28590276](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28590276).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  34. Duncan JK, Esquenazi I, **Weikert MP**. New Diagnostics in Corneal Ectatic Disease. Int Ophthalmol Clin. 2017; 57(3):63-74. PMID: [28590281](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28590281).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  35. Houser K, **Weikert M** , Al-Mohtaseb Z. Perioperative Imaging in Corneal Surgery (Intraoperative and Postoperative). Int Ophthalmol Clin. 2017; 57(3):87-98. PMID: [28590283](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28590283).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  36. Montes de Oca I, Esquenazi I, Al-Mohtaseb Z, **Weikert MP** , Guimar?es de Souza R. Updates in Biometry. Int Ophthalmol Clin. 2017; 57(3):115-124. PMID: [28590285](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28590285).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28590285/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  37. Ventura BV, Ventura MC, Wang L, [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404), **Weikert MP**. Comparison of biometry and intraocular lens power calculation performed by a new optical biometry device and a reference biometer. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2017 01; 43(1):74-79. PMID: [28317681](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28317681).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28317681/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  38. Neuhaus C, Lang-Roth R, Heller R, Eisenberger T, Knipper M, Bolz HJ, Zimmermann U, **Weikert M** , Markus S. Extension of the clinical and molecular phenotype of DIAPH1-associated autosomal dominant hearing loss (DFNA1). Clin Genet. 2017 Jun; 91(6):892-901. PMID: [27808407](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27808407).

Citations:
[20](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27808407/citedby/) Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:HumansCells

  39. Ma JX, Tang M, Wang L, **Weikert MP** , Huang D, [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404). Comparison of Newer IOL Power Calculation Methods for Eyes With Previous Radial Keratotomy. Invest Ophthalmol Vis Sci. 2016 07 01; 57(9):OCT162-8. PMID: [27409468](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27409468); PMCID: [PMC4968777](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4968777).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27409468/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  40. Montes de Oca I, Kim EJ, Wang L, **Weikert MP** , [Khandelwal SS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2619420), Al-Mohtaseb Z, [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404). Accuracy of toric intraocular lens axis alignment using a 3-dimensional computer-guided visualization system. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2016 04; 42(4):550-5. PMID: [27113877](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27113877).

Citations:
[9](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27113877/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  41. Bhatti S, [Paysse EA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268192), **Weikert MP** , Kong L. Evaluation of structural contributors in myopic eyes of preterm and full-term children. Graefes Arch Clin Exp Ophthalmol. 2016 May; 254(5):957-62. PMID: [26924797](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26924797).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26924797/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  42. Rigi M, Al-Mohtaseb Z, **Weikert MP**. Astigmatism Correction in Cataract Surgery: Toric Intraocular Lens Placement Versus Peripheral Corneal Relaxing Incisions. Int Ophthalmol Clin. 2016; 56(3):39-47. PMID: [27257721](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27257721).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27257721/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  43. Kim EJ, Montes de Oca I, Wang L, **Weikert MP** , [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404), [Khandelwal SS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2619420). Repeatability of posterior and total corneal curvature measurements with a dual Scheimpflug-Placido tomographer. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2015 Dec; 41(12):2731-8. PMID: [26796454](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26796454).

Citations:
[8](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26796454/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  44. Wang L, Tang M, Huang D, **Weikert MP** , [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404). Comparison of Newer Intraocular Lens Power Calculation Methods for Eyes after Corneal Refractive Surgery. Ophthalmology. 2015 Dec; 122(12):2443-9. PMID: [26459996](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26459996); PMCID: [PMC4658226](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4658226).

Citations:
[31](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26459996/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  45. Ventura BV, Al-Mohtaseb Z, Wang L, [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404), **Weikert MP**. Repeatability and comparability of corneal power and corneal astigmatism obtained from a point-source color light-emitting diode topographer, a Placido-based corneal topographer, and a low-coherence reflectometer. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2015 Oct; 41(10):2242-50. PMID: [26703301](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26703301).

Citations:
[14](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26703301/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  46. Shah R, **Weikert MP** , Grannis C, [Hamill MB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267261), Kong L, [Yen KG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270058). Long-Term Outcomes of Iris-sutured Posterior Chamber Intraocular Lenses in Children. Am J Ophthalmol. 2016 Jan; 161:44-9.e1. PMID: [26429583](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26429583).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26429583/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:HumansCTClinical Trials

  47. Ventura BV, Wang L, Ali SF, [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404), **Weikert MP**. Comparison of corneal power, astigmatism, and wavefront aberration measurements obtained by a point-source color light-emitting diode-based topographer, a Placido-disk topographer, and a combined Placido and dual Scheimpflug device. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2015 Aug; 41(8):1658-71. PMID: [26432123](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26432123).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26432123/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  48. **Weikert MP**. August consultation #8. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2015 Aug; 41(8):1790-1; discussion 1791. PMID: [26432149](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26432149).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  49. Kim EJ, Berg JP, **Weikert MP** , Kong L, [Hamill MB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267261), [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404), [Yen KG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270058). Scleral-fixated capsular tension rings and segments for ectopia lentis in children. Am J Ophthalmol. 2014 Nov; 158(5):899-904. PMID: [25127699](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25127699).

Citations:
[11](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25127699/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  50. Ventura BV, [Wang L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266021), **Weikert MP** , Robinson SB, [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404). Surgical management of astigmatism with toric intraocular lenses. Arq Bras Oftalmol. 2014 Apr; 77(2):125-31. PMID: [25076481](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25076481).

Citations:
[13](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25076481/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  51. Jenkins RB, **Weikert MP** , Yeu E, [Wang L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266021), [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404). Correcting astigmatism with toric intraocular lenses: effect of posterior corneal astigmatism. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2013 Dec; 39(12):1803-9. PMID: [24169231](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24169231).

Citations:
[66](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24169231/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  52. Singh R, McClellan AJ, **Weikert MP** , Scoper SV, Joly TJ, Whitley WO, Kakkar E, [Pflugfelder SC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266106), Sheppard JD. Long-term Supplementation With n-6 and n-3 PUFAs Improves Moderate-to-Severe Keratoconjunctivitis Sicca: A Randomized Double-Blind Clinical Trial. Cornea. 2013 Oct; 32(10):1297-304. PMID: [23884332](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23884332).

Citations:
[26](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23884332/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  53. Mahmoud AM, Blanco C, [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404), [Wang L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266021), **Weikert MP** , Frueh BE, Tappeiner C, Twa MD, Roberts CJ, Nu?ez MX. Expanding the cone location and magnitude index to include corneal thickness and posterior surface information for the detection of keratoconus. Am J Ophthalmol. 2013 Dec; 156(6):1102-11. PMID: [24075426](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24075426).

Citations:
[23](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24075426/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  54. Al-Mohtaseb ZN, [Wang L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266021), **Weikert MP**. Repeatability and comparability of corneal thickness measurements obtained from Dual Scheimpflug Analyzer and from ultrasonic pachymetry. Graefes Arch Clin Exp Ophthalmol. 2013 Jul; 251(7):1855-60. PMID: [23417340](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23417340).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23417340/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  55. Jabs DA, Ahuja A, Van Natta M, Dunn JP, Yeh S, Studies of the Ocular Complications of AIDS Research Group. Comparison of treatment regimens for cytomegalovirus retinitis in patients with AIDS in the era of highly active antiretroviral therapy. Ophthalmology. 2013 Jun; 120(6):1262-70. PMID: [23419804](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23419804); PMCID: [PMC3660467](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3660467).

Citations:
[19](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23419804/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:HumansCells

  56. [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404), Ali SF, **Weikert MP** , Shirayama M, Jenkins R, [Wang L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266021). Contribution of posterior corneal astigmatism to total corneal astigmatism. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2012 Dec; 38(12):2080-7. PMID: [23069271](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23069271).

Citations:
[116](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23069271/citedby/)
Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  57. **Weikert MP** , [Wang L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266021), Barrish J, Dimalanta R, [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404). Quantitative measurement of wound architecture in microincision cataract surgery. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2012 Aug; 38(8):1460-6. PMID: [22814053](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22814053).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22814053/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  58. Wang L, Dixit L, **Weikert MP** , Jenkins RB, [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404). Healing changes in clear corneal cataract incisions evaluated using Fourier-domain optical coherence tomography. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2012 Apr; 38(4):660-5. PMID: [22321355](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22321355).

Citations:
[11](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22321355/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  59. Sugar EA, Jabs DA, Ahuja A, Thorne JE, Danis RP, Meinert CL, Studies of the Ocular Complications of AIDS Research Group. Incidence of cytomegalovirus retinitis in the era of highly active antiretroviral therapy. Am J Ophthalmol. 2012 Jun; 153(6):1016-24.e5. PMID: [22310076](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22310076); PMCID: [PMC3358595](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3358595).

Citations:
[37](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22310076/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:HumansCells

  60. Holbrook JT, Colvin R, van Natta ML, Thorne JE, Bardsley M, Jabs DA, Studies of Ocular Complications of AIDS (SOCA) Research Group. Evaluation of the United States public health service guidelines for discontinuation of anticytomegalovirus therapy after immune recovery in patients with cytomegalovirus retinitis. Am J Ophthalmol. 2011 Oct; 152(4):628-637.e1. PMID: [21742304](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21742304); PMCID: [PMC3185165](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3185165).

Citations:
[8](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21742304/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:HumansCells

  61. Sezgin E, van Natta ML, Ahuja A, Lyon A, Srivastava S, Troyer JL, O'Brien SJ, Jabs DA, Studies of the Ocular Complications of AIDS Research Group. Association of host genetic risk factors with the course of cytomegalovirus retinitis in patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus. Am J Ophthalmol. 2011 Jun; 151(6):999-1006.e4. PMID: [21396623](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21396623); PMCID: [PMC3103625](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3103625).

Citations:
[9](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21396623/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:HumansCells

  62. Gumus K, Crockett CH, Rao K, Yeu E, **Weikert MP** , Shirayama M, Hada S, [Pflugfelder SC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266106). Noninvasive assessment of tear stability with the tear stability analysis system in tear dysfunction patients. Invest Ophthalmol Vis Sci. 2011 Jan; 52(1):456-61. PMID: [20631241](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20631241); PMCID: [PMC3053291](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3053291).

Citations:
[23](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20631241/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  63. Hsu JL, **Weikert MP** , [Foroozan R](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267734). Modified upgaze technique for pupil examination. J Neuroophthalmol. 2010 Dec; 30(4):344-6. PMID: [20842063](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20842063).

Citations:  Fields:

Neu NeurologyOph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  64. Puhan MA, Van Natta ML, Palella FJ, Addessi A, Meinert C, Ocular Complications of AIDS Research Group. Excess mortality in patients with AIDS in the era of highly active antiretroviral therapy: temporal changes and risk factors. Clin Infect Dis. 2010 Oct 15; 51(8):947-56. PMID: [20825306](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20825306); PMCID: [PMC2943970](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2943970).

Citations:
[20](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20825306/citedby/) Fields:

Com Communicable Diseases

Translation:Humans

  65. Shirayama M, [Wang L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266021), [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404), **Weikert MP**. Comparison of accuracy of intraocular lens calculations using automated keratometry, a Placido-based corneal topographer, and a combined Placido-based and dual Scheimpflug corneal topographer. Cornea. 2010 Oct; 29(10):1136-8. PMID: [20595893](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20595893).

Citations:
[11](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20595893/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  66. Jabs DA, Ahuja A, Van Natta M, Lyon A, Srivastava S, Gangaputra S, Studies of the Ocular Complications of AIDS Research Group. Course of cytomegalovirus retinitis in the era of highly active antiretroviral therapy: five-year outcomes. Ophthalmology. 2010 Nov; 117(11):2152-61.e1-2. PMID: [20673591](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20673591); PMCID: [PMC2963687](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2963687).

Citations:
[26](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20673591/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:HumansCells

  67. Carvounis PE, Poll J, **Weikert MP** , [Wilhelmus K](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267314), Lakhanpal RR, [Holz ER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266867). Refractive outcomes of lens-sparing vitrectomy for retinopathy of prematurity. Arch Ophthalmol. 2010 Jul; 128(7):843-6. PMID: [20625043](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20625043).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20625043/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  68. Poll JT, [Wang L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266021), [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404), **Weikert MP**. Correction of astigmatism during cataract surgery: toric intraocular lens compared to peripheral corneal relaxing incisions. J Refract Surg. 2011 Mar; 27(3):165-71. PMID: [20873707](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20873707).

Citations:
[12](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20873707/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  69. [Wang L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266021), Pitcher JD, **Weikert MP** , [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404). Custom selection of aspheric intraocular lenses after wavefront-guided myopic photorefractive keratectomy. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2010 Jan; 36(1):73-81. PMID: [20117708](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20117708).

Citations:  Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  70. Shirayama M, [Wang L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266021), **Weikert MP** , [Koch DD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404). Comparison of corneal powers obtained from 4 different devices. Am J Ophthalmol. 2009 Oct; 148(4):528-535.e1. PMID: [19541287](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19541287).

Citations:
[35](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19541287/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  71. [Yen KG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270058), Reddy AK, **Weikert MP** , Song Y, [Hamill MB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267261). Iris-fixated posterior chamber intraocular lenses in children. Am J Ophthalmol. 2009 Jan; 147(1):121-6. PMID: [18790471](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18790471).

Citations:
[11](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18790471/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  72. Kopel AC, Carvounis PE, [Hamill MB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267261), **Weikert MP** , [Holz ER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266867). Iris-sutured intraocular lenses for ectopia lentis in children. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2008 Apr; 34(4):596-600. PMID: [18361981](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18361981).

Citations:
[9](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18361981/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  73. [Wilhelmus KR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267314), Jones DB, [Matoba AY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267832), [Hamill MB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267261), [Pflugfelder SC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266106), **Weikert MP**. Bilateral acanthamoeba keratitis. Am J Ophthalmol. 2008 Feb; 145(2):193-197. PMID: [18222188](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18222188).

Citations:
[12](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18222188/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  74. **Weikert MP**. Update on bimanual microincisional cataract surgery. Curr Opin Ophthalmol. 2006 Feb; 17(1):62-7. PMID: [16436926](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16436926).

Citations:
[18](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16436926/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

  75. Wallin TR, **Weikert MP** , Moshirfar M. Effect of flap hinge placement on post-laser in situ keratomileusis wound healing in the presence of superior corneal vascularization. J Cataract Refract Surg. 2003 Dec; 29(12):2448-51. PMID: [14709312](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/14709312).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/14709312/citedby/) Fields:

Oph Ophthalmology

Translation:Humans

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 75 publications over 18 distinct years, with a maximum of
11 publications in
2017](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|11&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,9,0,0,9,0,27,9,64,27,36,45,18,55,45,100,73,36,18,36,0,27,45&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2003| 1  
2006| 1  
2008| 3  
2009| 1  
2010| 7  
2011| 3  
2012| 4  
2013| 5  
2014| 2  
2015| 6  
2016| 5  
2017| 11  
2018| 8  
2019| 4  
2020| 2  
2021| 4  
2023| 3  
2024| 5  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

WEIKERT's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (243)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Lenses, Intraocular](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/264552)
  * [Phacoemulsification](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/258431)
  * [Lens Implantation, Intraocular](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/257371)
  * [Cornea](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/254759)
  * [Astigmatism](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/245424)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267063/198)

_

Co-Authors (14)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [KOCH, DOUGLAS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404)
  * [WANG, LI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266021)
  * [KHANDELWAL, SUMITRA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2619420)
  * [HAMILL, MARSHALL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267261)
  * [PAYSSE, EVELYN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268192)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267063/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [KOHNEN, THOMAS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267686)
  * [KOCH, DOUGLAS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267404)
  * [HOLLADAY, JACK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268412)
  * [WANG, LI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266021)
  * [PFLUGFELDER, STEPHEN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266106)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267063/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [AHMED, MASIH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/24845197)
  * [GOLDMAN, DANIEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266584)
  * [LEE, ANDREW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266512)
  * [MATOBA, ALICE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267832)
  * [YEN, KIMBERLY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270058)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [BONIUK, MILTON](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269456)
  * [DE PAIVA, CINTIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268002)
  * [EDMOND, JANE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267824)
  * [KOHNEN, THOMAS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267686)
  * [WU, SAMUEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267834)

_

