## JAYASIMHA MURTHY

| | Title| Clinical Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Medicine  
Address|  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=PKU99HfTKJLVRIzgrn7GPw%3d%3d&rnd=18f4f00e-a9fb-4b5f-a478-39a50e24537a)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=267140)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Arauco Brown R, **Murthy J** , [Manian P](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266908), Rumbaoa B, [Connolly T](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266765). An early aggressive strategy for the treatment of Hanta virus cardiopulmonary syndrome: a perspective from an extracorporeal membrane oxygenation center. Clin Infect Dis. 2014 Aug 01; 59(3):458-9. PMID: [24771336](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24771336).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24771336/citedby/) Fields:

Com Communicable Diseases

Translation:HumansCells

  2. Castriotta RJ, **Murthy JN**. Sleep disorders in patients with traumatic brain injury: a review. CNS Drugs. 2011 Mar; 25(3):175-85. PMID: [21062105](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21062105).

Citations:
[33](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21062105/citedby/) Fields:

Dru Drug TherapyNeu NeurologyPha Pharmacology

Translation:Humans

  3. Ross RM, **Murthy JN** , Wollak ID, Jackson AS. The six minute walk test accurately estimates mean peak oxygen uptake. BMC Pulm Med. 2010 May 26; 10:31. PMID: [20504351](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20504351); PMCID: [PMC2882364](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2882364).

Citations:
[82](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20504351/citedby/) Fields:

Pul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  4. **Murthy JN** , van Jaarsveld J, Fei J, Pavlidis I, Harrykissoon RI, Lucke JF, [Faiz S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583882), Castriotta RJ. Thermal infrared imaging: a novel method to monitor airflow during polysomnography. Sleep. 2009 Nov; 32(11):1521-7. PMID: [19928392](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19928392); PMCID: [PMC2768959](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2768959).

Citations:
[16](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19928392/citedby/) Fields:

Psy Psychophysiology

Translation:Humans

  5. Fei J, Pavlidis I, **Murthy J**. Thermal vision for sleep apnea monitoring. Med Image Comput Comput Assist Interv. 2009; 12(Pt 2):1084-91. PMID: [20426219](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20426219).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20426219/citedby/) Fields:

Dia Diagnostic ImagingMed Medical Informatics

Translation:Humans

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 5 publications over 4 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in
2009](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,100,50,50,0,0,50,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2009| 2  
2010| 1  
2011| 1  
2014| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

MURTHY's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (39)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Polysomnography](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/253847)
  * [Thermography](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/248941)
  * [Pulmonary Ventilation](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/255750)
  * [Sleep Apnea Syndromes](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/258973)
  * [Respiratory Mechanics](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/248875)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267140/198)

_

Co-Authors (3)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [CONNOLLY, TIMOTHY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266765)
  * [FAIZ, SAADIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583882)
  * [MANIAN, PRASAD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266908)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267140/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [HUI, DAVID](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583538)
  * [SHARAFKHANEH, AMIR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267036)
  * [ROBERTSON, CLAUDIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269529)
  * [WILDE, ELISABETH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267730)
  * [SANDER, ANGELLE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269567)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267140/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [KAO, CHRISTINA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269436)
  * [PANDIT, LAVANNYA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267859)
  * [ROJAS QUINTERO, JOSELYN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37727252)
  * [SIDDIQUE, MUHAMMAD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16255178)
  * [VAZQUEZ-SANDOVAL, ALFREDO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37888859)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [BAAKLINI, WALID](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267453)
  * [DAHLBERG, CARL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268707)
  * [DOERR, CLINTON](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266302)
  * [KUHL, KRISTINE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267157)
  * [SANTACRUZ, JOSE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267493)

_

