## JOSEPH COSELLI

| | Title| Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Surgery  
Address| 6770 BERTNER AVE SUITE C330,C1095  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=HKQj5HXPbqj6VYrh7HLiKLeBaRSOgg%3d%3d&rnd=5035ee0e-b1a4-46a4-9fd3-9dca949eff71)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=267370)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=267370&cachekey=1647bcfc-c0ed-41e4-9da1-282f3dd320ac)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Overview  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
overview

Dr. Coselli is an innovator and a leader in his field and he is highly
experienced in complex aortic repair, such as repair performed in patients
with connective tissue disorders (such as Marfan and Loeys-Dietz syndromes),
as well as emergent repair performed in patients with conditions such as acute
aortic dissection or aortic rupture. For example, many patients with Marfan
syndrome and annuloaortic ectasia are suitable for valve-sparing aortic root
replacement, which obviates the need for a life-long anticoagulation regimen.  
  
Dr. Coselli has investigated methods to reduce postoperative mortality,
paralysis, and stroke; his success in improving the process of aortic repair
has resulted in better patient outcomes than those achieved in previous eras.
Additionally, whenever feasible, Dr. Coselli has utilized endovascular
technology to repair aortic aneurysms, because many limited aneurysms may be
repaired by using thoracic stent-grafts. Encouraged by the results achieved in
Europe, Dr. Coselli is currently participating in clinical trials involving
the transcatheter implantation of aortic valve replacement (TAVR) devices. Dr.
Coselli is especially attuned to the needs of international patients, and he
routinely provides expert care to patients throughout the world. He has
performed more than 7,000 surgical repairs of the aorta and nearly 3,000 open
repairs of the thoracoabdominal aorta, for which he is the world’s most
experienced surgeon.  
  
The future of aortic surgery will undoubtedly be heavily influenced by
advancements in multiple disciplines―genetics, cellular biology, biochemistry,
engineering, and bioinformatics―as well as by innovations in imaging and in
surgical and endovascular technology. Dr. Coselli continuously seeks out new
treatment paradigms and has participated in numerous investigator-initiated
and industry-sponsored research projects. Additionally, he has published
several key papers describing the outcomes of clinical studies designed to
determine the best approaches to preventing complications during aortic
repair. These papers report the benefits of using cerebrospinal fluid drainage
to protect the spinal cord (a technique now in widespread use in aortic
repair), renal perfusion as a protective measure against renal ischemia, and
left heart bypass as a protective measure against distal ischemia.
Additionally, by routinely presenting informative academic lectures throughout
the world, Dr. Coselli has disseminated the latest approach to surgical
repairs of the aortic root (valve-sparing outcomes), aortic arch (Y-graft
outcomes), and thoracoabdominal aorta (selecting adjuncts by extent of
repair).  
  
Mentored by the legendary aortic surgeon, Dr. E. Stanley Crawford, Dr. Coselli
is today one of the world’s most experienced aortic surgeons and best known as
the foremost expert in thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair—he recently
published a milestone paper describing results after 3309 such repairs. He has
an extensive clinical database and encourages participation in clinical
research by designing research projects based on specific interests within
aortic surgery. With approval, access to de-identified data from the Aortic
Surgery clinical database may be granted. Dr. Coselli routinely publishes on a
wide variety of aortic topics, and several outstanding papers and
presentations have been prepared by residents, fellows, and students. Key
publications have influenced clinical practice trends by determining the best
approaches towards preventing complications during aortic repair. Regarding
thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair, randomized clinical trials were
conducted to establish the benefits of using cerebrospinal fluid drainage to
protect the spinal cord (a technique now in widespread use in aortic repair)
and renal perfusion as a protective measure against renal ischemia as well as
performing retrospective analysis of left heart bypass as a protective measure
against distal ischemia. Additionally, by routinely presenting informative
academic lectures throughout the world, Dr. Coselli has disseminated the
latest approach to surgical repairs of the aortic root (valve-sparing
approaches, including those is patients with Marfan syndrome), aortic arch
(Y-graft approaches, hybrid procedures), and thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm
repair (postoperative quality of life in patients with Marfan syndrome). Dr.
Coselli continuously seeks out new treatment paradigms and participates in
numerous investigator-initiated and industry-sponsored research projects
conducted at Baylor College of Medicine and the Texas Heart Institute; studies
include the use of transcatheter aortic valve replacement, rapid-deployment
sutureless aortic valves, and a wide variety of stent-grafts.  
  
  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
keywords

  * [• Aortic Valve Disease • Connective Tissue Disorders • Aortic Aneurysm • Aortic Dissection](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=• Aortic Valve Disease
• Connective Tissue Disorders

• Aortic Aneurysm

• Aortic Dissection&exactphrase=false)

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Research  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
research activities and funding

R01HL085341 (LEMAIRE, SCOTT A)Sep 30, 2008 - Jun 30, 2013NIH  
Extracellular Matrix Metabolism in Thoracic Aortic Aneurysm and Dissection  
Role: Co-Principal Investigator  
---  
  
  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Brlecic PE, Hogan KJ, Treffalls JA, Sylvester CB, **Coselli JS** , [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872). Safety of Early Discharge After Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting: A Nationwide Readmissions Analysis. Ann Thorac Surg. 2024 Jun 29. PMID: [38950725](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38950725).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

  2. Ogami T, Arnaoutakis GJ, Isselbacher EM, Geuzebroek GSC, **Coselli JS** , De Vincentiis C, Kaiser CA, Hutchison S, Li QG, Brinster DR, Leshnower BG, Serna-Gallegos D, Pai CW, Taylor BS, Patel HJ, Eagle KA, Sultan I. Long-term outcomes after recurrent acute thoracic aortic dissection: Insights from the International Registry of Aortic Dissection. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2024 Apr 28. PMID: [38678471](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38678471).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  3. Cook IO, Green SY, Rebello KR, Zhang Q, Glover VA, Zea-Vera R, [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Coselli JS, Cook IO, Green SY, Rebello KR, Zhang Q, Glover VA, Zea-Vera R, Moon MR, LeMaire SA, **Coselli JS**. Comparison of open thoracoabdominal repair for chronic aortic dissections and aneurysms. J Vasc Surg. 2024 Mar 25. PMID: [38537876](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38537876).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

  4. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Henry J, Khan L, [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Simpson KH, [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), Amarasekara HS, [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), **Coselli JS**. Unplanned readmissions, community socioeconomic factors, and their effects on long-term survival after complex thoracic aortic surgery. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2024 Feb 01. PMID: [38295953](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38295953).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  5. Hogan KJ, Sylvester CB, Wall MJ, [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), **Coselli JS** , [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872). Outcomes after bioprosthetic versus mechanical mitral valve replacement for infective endocarditis in the United States. JTCVS Open. 2024 Feb; 17:74-83. PMID: [38420540](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38420540); PMCID: [PMC10897669](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10897669).

Citations:

  6. **Coselli JS**. Surgical techniques/case videos-complex aortic case: top tips (TAAAR). Indian J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2023 Dec; 39(Suppl 2):360-362. PMID: [38093931](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38093931); PMCID: [PMC10713926](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10713926).

Citations:

  7. **Coselli JS**. Thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm: a journey through the distal aorta. Indian J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2023 Dec; 39(Suppl 2):212-217. PMID: [38093915](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38093915); PMCID: [PMC10713893](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10713893).

Citations:

  8. Patel HJ, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Roselli EE, Atkins MD, Brinkman W, **Coselli J** , Desai N, Estrera A, Fleischman F, Taylor BS, Reardon MJ. Emergency and Compassionate Use of a Novel Ascending Endograft for Ascending and Arch Aortic Pathology. J Endovasc Ther. 2023 Nov 07; 15266028231208644. PMID: [37933168](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37933168).

Citations:  Fields:

Vas Vascular Diseases

  9. Treffalls JA, Hogan KJ, Brlecic PE, Sylvester CB, [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), **Coselli JS** , [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872), [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403). Influence of concomitant ablation of nonparoxysmal atrial fibrillation during coronary artery bypass grafting on mortality and readmissions. JTCVS Open. 2023 Dec; 16:355-369. PMID: [38204710](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38204710); PMCID: [PMC10775120](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10775120).

Citations:

  10. Rebello KR, Zhang Q, Green SY, Etheridge GM, Glover VA, Zea-Vera R, [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Outcomes After Extent I Thoracoabdominal Aortic Repair: Focus on Heritable Aortic Disease. Ann Thorac Surg. 2024 Feb; 117(2):328-335. PMID: [37866646](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37866646).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  11. Brlecic PE, Hogan KJ, Treffalls JA, Sylvester CB, **Coselli JS** , [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872). Socioeconomic disparities in procedural choice and outcomes after aortic valve replacement. JTCVS Open. 2023 Dec; 16:139-157. PMID: [38204692](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38204692); PMCID: [PMC10775113](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10775113).

Citations:

  12. Blackburn KW, Kuncheria A, Nguyen T, Khouqeer A, Green SY, [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Outcomes of thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair in patients with a previous myocardial infarction. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2023 Oct 05. PMID: [37802329](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37802329).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  13. Ryan CT, Rebello KR, Nguyen LH, Cook IO, Etheridge GM, Green SY, Bini T, Orozco-Sevilla V, [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. The severity of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease is associated with adverse outcomes after open thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2023 Oct 02. PMID: [37793566](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37793566).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  14. **Coselli JS** , Barron LM. Lifetime Aortic Management in?Marfan?Syndrome: Puzzle Pieces and Rare Diseases. J Am Coll Cardiol. 2023 09 12; 82(11):1077-1079. PMID: [37673509](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37673509).

Citations:  Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  15. Chakraborty A, Li Y, Zhang C, Li Y, Rebello KR, Li S, Xu S, Vasquez HG, Zhang L, Luo W, Wang G, Chen K, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Shen YH. Epigenetic Induction of Smooth Muscle Cell Phenotypic Alterations in Aortic Aneurysms and Dissections. Circulation. 2023 09 19; 148(12):959-977. PMID: [37555319](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37555319); PMCID: [PMC10529114](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10529114).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/37555319/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansAnimalsCells

  16. Boyajian GP, Zulbaran-Rojas A, [Najafi B](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15578244), Atique MMU, [Loor G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/20201895), [Gilani R](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268848), [Schutz A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22220427), Wall MJ, **Coselli JS** , [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872). Development of a Sensor Technology to Objectively Measure Dexterity for Cardiac Surgical Proficiency. Ann Thorac Surg. 2024 Mar; 117(3):635-643. PMID: [37517533](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37517533).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/37517533/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  17. **Coselli JS** , Volguina IV, Nguyen L, Green SY, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252). Outcomes of aortic root replacement in patients with Marfan syndrome: the role of valve-sparing and valve-replacing approaches. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2023 Jul 31; 12(4):338-349. PMID: [37554715](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37554715); PMCID: [PMC10405346](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10405346).

Citations:

  18. Orozco-Sevilla V, **Coselli JS**. Management of the left subclavian artery during aortic arch replacement using a frozen elephant trunk approach: a review. Cardiovasc Diagn Ther. 2023 Aug 31; 13(4):736-742. PMID: [37675092](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37675092); PMCID: [PMC10478019](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10478019).

Citations:

  19. S? MP, Jacquemyn X, Van den Eynde J, Chu D, Serna-Gallegos D, **Coselli JS** , Sultan I. Long-term outcomes of valve-sparing aortic root versus composite aortic valve graft replacement for aortic root aneurysm: Meta-analysis of reconstructed time-to-event data. Am J Surg. 2023 09; 226(3):371-378. PMID: [37423780](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37423780).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  20. Bailey DM, Davies RG, Rose GA, Lewis MH, Aldayem AA, Twine CP, Awad W, Jubouri M, Mohammed I, Mestres CA, Chen EP, **Coselli JS** , Williams IM, Bashir M, International Academic Surgical Consortium (THALAMUS). Myths and methodologies: Cardiopulmonary exercise testing for surgical risk stratification in patients with an abdominal aortic aneurysm; balancing risk over benefit. Exp Physiol. 2023 09; 108(9):1118-1131. PMID: [37232485](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37232485); PMCID: [PMC10988440](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10988440).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/37232485/citedby/) Fields:

Phy Physiology

Translation:Humans

  21. Trimarchi S, Gleason TG, Brinster DR, Bossone E, Bissacco D, de Beaufort HWL, Bavaria JE, Mussa F, Bekeredjian R, Pacini D, Myrmel T, Ouzounian M, Chen EP, **Coselli JS** , Bismuth J, Sundt TM, Montgomery DG, Pai CW, Schermerhorn M, Korach A, Eagle KA, Patel HJ. Editor's Choice - Trends in Management and Outcomes of Type B Aortic Dissection: A Report From the International Registry of Aortic Dissection. Eur J Vasc Endovasc Surg. 2023 Dec; 66(6):775-782. PMID: [37201718](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37201718).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/37201718/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

  22. **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Orozco-Sevilla V, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), Barron LM, [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403). Current approaches to spinal cord protection during open thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2023 Sep 28; 12(5):429-437. PMID: [37817849](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37817849); PMCID: [PMC10561332](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10561332).

Citations:

  23. **Coselli JS**. The Past, Present, and Future of Complex Aortic Intervention. Tex Heart Inst J. 2023 05 01; 50(3). PMID: [37338610](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37338610); PMCID: [PMC10353271](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10353271).

Citations:  Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  24. Gao F, [Kherallah R](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/35432071), Koetting M, [Simpson L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269237), [Seger J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269606), [Koneru S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/20310330), **Coselli J** , [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Orozco-Sevilla V, Manon N, [Silva GV](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269059). Leadless pacemaker with transcatheter aortic valve implantation: A single-center experience. Pacing Clin Electrophysiol. 2023 07; 46(7):615-622. PMID: [37120712](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37120712).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyPhy Physiology

Translation:Humans

  25. Onyemkpa C, **Coselli JS**. Endovascular exclusion of ascending aortic pseudoaneurysm with an experimental ascending aortic stent-graft. JTCVS Tech. 2023 Jun; 19:18-21. PMID: [37324324](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37324324); PMCID: [PMC10268502](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10268502).

Citations:

  26. Bashir M, Jubouri M, Mohammed I, Velayudhan B, Sadeghipour P, Nienaber C, Slisatkorn W, Piffaretti G, Mariscalco G, Williams I, Tan SZ, **Coselli J** , Chen EP, Awad WI, Wong R, Bailey DM. Uncomplicated Type B Aortic Dissection: Challenges in Diagnosis and Categorization. Ann Vasc Surg. 2023 Aug; 94:92-101. PMID: [37075834](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37075834).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  27. Sylvester CB, Ryan CT, Frankel WC, Zea-Vera R, Zhang Q, Wall MJ, [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), **Coselli JS** , [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872). Readmissions After Surgical Aortic Valve Replacement: Influence of Prosthesis Type. J Surg Res. 2023 07; 287:124-133. PMID: [36933543](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36933543); PMCID: [PMC10131584](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10131584).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  28. K?ksoy C, Rebello KR, Green SY, Amarasekara HS, [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Independent associations with early mortality after open repair of Crawford extent IV thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysms. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2024 Jul; 168(1):1-12.e2. PMID: [36931557](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36931557).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  29. Hong JC, Orozco-Sevilla V, [Diez JG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268724), **Coselli JS**. Transcatheter Aortic Valve-in-Valve-in-Valve Replacement in a Young Woman With Transcatheter Structural Valve Deterioration Within a Degenerated Aortic Root Homograft. Tex Heart Inst J. 2023 03 01; 50(2). PMID: [36917101](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36917101); PMCID: [PMC10178646](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10178646).

Citations:  Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  30. Frankel WC, Sylvester CB, Asokan S, Ryan CT, Zea-Vera R, Zhang Q, Wall MJ, [Markan S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269995), **Coselli JS** , [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872). Coronary artery bypass grafting at safety-net versus non-safety-net hospitals. JTCVS Open. 2023 Mar; 13:136-149. PMID: [37063163](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37063163); PMCID: [PMC10091382](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10091382).

Citations:

  31. Zhang C, Li Y, Chakraborty A, Li Y, Rebello KR, Ren P, Luo W, Zhang L, Lu HS, Cassis LA, **Coselli JS** , Daugherty A, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Shen YH. Aortic Stress Activates an Adaptive Program in Thoracic Aortic Smooth Muscle Cells That Maintains Aortic Strength and Protects Against Aneurysm and Dissection in Mice. Arterioscler Thromb Vasc Biol. 2023 02; 43(2):234-252. PMID: [36579645](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36579645); PMCID: [PMC9877188](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9877188).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/36579645/citedby/) Fields:

Vas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansAnimalsCells

  32. Zea-Vera R, Green SY, Amarasekara HS, Orozco-Sevilla V, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Contemporary Midterm Outcomes After Primary Repair of Chronic Type A Aortic Dissection. Ann Thorac Surg. 2023 09; 116(3):459-466. PMID: [36528124](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36528124).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  33. Orozco-Sevilla V, Etheridge G, **Coselli JS**. Thoracic Aortic Aneurysm Surgery: DON'T QUIT-JUST DO IT. Aorta (Stamford). 2022 Aug; 10(4):155-161. PMID: [36521806](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36521806); PMCID: [PMC9754878](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9754878).

Citations:

  34. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Akpan-Smart E, Lubna K, Simpson K, [Cornwell L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Schmitt S, Amarasekara HS, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Racial disparities in thoracic aortic surgery: Myth or reality? J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2024 01; 167(1):3-12.e1. PMID: [36549985](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36549985).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  35. Khouqeer AF, Etheridge GM, **Coselli JS** , Orozco-Sevilla V. How to treat type 1b endoleakage-extension, fEVAR, bEVAR, or open repair. Asian Cardiovasc Thorac Ann. 2023 Sep; 31(7):577-581. PMID: [36352560](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36352560).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  36. Patel V, Orozco-Sevilla V, **Coselli JS**. Cerebral protection in aortic arch surgery: systematic review and meta-analysis. Interact Cardiovasc Thorac Surg. 2022 11 08; 35(6). PMID: [36394267](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36394267); PMCID: [PMC9717366](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9717366).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  37. Ali AK, [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), **Coselli JS** , [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403). Left ventricular hypertrophy in patients with acute type A aortic dissection: a formidable challenge. J Thorac Dis. 2022 Nov; 14(11):4209-4211. PMID: [36524097](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36524097); PMCID: [PMC9745512](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9745512).

Citations:

  38. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Akpan-Smart E, Simpson KK, [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Amarasekara H, Green SY, [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. The intersection of community socioeconomic factors with gender on outcomes after thoracic aortic surgery. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2023 12; 166(6):1572-1582.e10. PMID: [36396474](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36396474).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/36396474/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  39. Ryan CT, Zeng Z, [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), Wall MJ, **Coselli JS** , [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), Li M, [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872), [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252). Machine learning for dynamic and early prediction of acute kidney injury after cardiac surgery. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2023 12; 166(6):e551-e564. PMID: [36347651](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36347651); PMCID: [PMC10071138](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10071138).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/36347651/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  40. Wolfe SB, Sundt TM, Isselbacher EM, Cameron DE, Trimarchi S, Bekeredjian R, Leshnower B, Bavaria JE, Brinster DR, Sultan I, Pai CW, Kachroo P, Ouzounian M, **Coselli JS** , Myrmel T, Pacini D, Eagle K, Patel HJ, Jassar AS, IRAD researchers. Survival after operative repair of acute type A aortic dissection varies according to the presence and type of preoperative malperfusion. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2024 Jul; 168(1):37-49.e6. PMID: [36333247](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36333247).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/36333247/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  41. Nowrouzi R, Sylvester CB, Treffalls JA, Zhang Q, [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), **Coselli JS** , [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872), [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403). Chronic kidney disease, risk of readmission, and progression to end-stage renal disease in 519,387 patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting. JTCVS Open. 2022 Dec; 12:147-157. PMID: [36590720](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36590720); PMCID: [PMC9801293](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9801293).

Citations:

  42. S? MP, Jacquemyn X, Tasoudis PT, Van den Eynde J, Erten O, Sicouri S, Dokollari A, Torregrossa G, Kurz S, Heuts S, Nienaber CA, **Coselli JS** , Ramlawi B. Long-term outcomes of total arch replacement versus proximal aortic replacement in acute type A aortic dissection: Meta-analysis of Kaplan-Meier-derived individual patient data. J Card Surg. 2022 Dec; 37(12):4256-4266. PMID: [36086999](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36086999).

Citations:

  43. **Coselli JS**. Commentary: Don't throw the baby out with the bath water. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2024 Apr; 167(4):1227-1228. PMID: [36207165](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36207165).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  44. **Coselli JS** , Roselli EE, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Malaisrie SC, Stewart A, Stelzer P, Takayama H, Chen EP, Estrera AL, Gleason TG, Fischbein MP, Girardi LN, Patel HJ, Bavaria JE, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Total aortic arch replacement using a frozen elephant trunk device: Results of a 1-year US multicenter trial. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2024 May; 167(5):1680-1692.e2. PMID: [36253292](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36253292).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  45. Ouzounian M, Tadros RO, Svensson LG, Lyden SP, Oderich GS, **Coselli JS**. Thoracoabdominal Aortic Disease and?Repair: JACC Focus Seminar, Part 3. J Am Coll Cardiol. 2022 08 23; 80(8):845-856. PMID: [35981828](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35981828).

Citations:

  46. **Coselli JS**. Composition of the surgical team in aortic arch surgery-a risk factor analysis. Eur J Cardiothorac Surg. 2022 08 03; 62(3). PMID: [35437586](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35437586).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

  47. Zea-Vera R, Ryan CT, Navarro SM, Havelka J, Wall MJ, **Coselli JS** , [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872). Development of a Machine Learning Model to Predict Outcomes and Cost After Cardiac Surgery. Ann Thorac Surg. 2023 06; 115(6):1533-1542. PMID: [35917942](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35917942).

Citations:

  48. Farmer DM, Orozco-Sevilla V, **Coselli JS** , D?ez JG. Use of a self-expanding transcatheter valve for a degenerated INTUITY valve. J Card Surg. 2022 Oct; 37(10):3413-3416. PMID: [35811483](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35811483).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General Surgery

  49. Treffalls JA, Sylvester CB, Parikh U, Zea-Vera R, Ryan CT, Zhang Q, [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), Wall MJ, **Coselli JS** , [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872). Nationwide database analysis of one-year readmission rates after open surgical or thoracic endovascular repair of Stanford Type B aortic dissection. JTCVS Open. 2022 Sep; 11:1-13. PMID: [36172436](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36172436); PMCID: [PMC9510909](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9510909).

Citations:

  50. Sylvester CB, Ryan CT, Frankel WC, Asokan S, Zea-Vera R, Zhang Q, Wall MJ, **Coselli JS** , [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872). Readmission After Bioprosthetic vs Mechanical Mitral Valve Replacement in the United States. Ann Thorac Surg. 2024 Jan; 117(1):113-118. PMID: [35803331](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35803331).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

  51. Bashir M, Jubouri M, Tan SZCP, Bailey DM, Velayudhan B, Mohammed I, Wong RHL, Czerny M, Chen EP, Girardi LN, **Coselli JS** , Williams I. The misnomer of uncomplicated type B aortic dissection. J Card Surg. 2022 Sep; 37(9):2761-2765. PMID: [35775745](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35775745).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General Surgery

  52. [Reul RM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267633), Hong JC, **Coselli JS** , [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328). Distal Aortic Malperfusion Exacerbated by Antegrade Stent-Graft Placement During Hybrid Repair of Acute DeBakey Type I Aortic Dissection. Tex Heart Inst J. 2022 07 01; 49(4). PMID: [35920680](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35920680); PMCID: [PMC9427058](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9427058).

Citations:

  53. Cole SH, Wagner RD, Volk AS, Nemec MK, [Preventza OA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), La Cruz K, **Coselli JS** , Izaddoost SA. Thoracic Aortic Graft Salvage after Sternal Wound Infection with Antibiotic Beads and Flap Coverage. Plast Reconstr Surg Glob Open. 2022 Jun; 10(6):e4371. PMID: [35702360](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35702360); PMCID: [PMC9187166](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9187166).

Citations:

  54. Amin A, Etheridge GM, Amarasekara HS, Green SY, Orozco-Sevilla V, **Coselli JS**. Aortic arch repair: lessons learned over three decades at Baylor College of Medicine. J Cardiovasc Surg (Torino). 2022 Aug; 63(4):393-405. PMID: [35621061](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35621061).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  55. Roselli EE, Atkins MD, Brinkman W, **Coselli J** , Desai N, Estrera A, Johnston DR, Patel H, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Vargo PR, Fleischman F, Taylor BS, Reardon MJ. ARISE: First-In-Human Evaluation of a Novel Stent Graft to Treat Ascending Aortic Dissection. J Endovasc Ther. 2023 Aug; 30(4):550-560. PMID: [35587698](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35587698).

Citations:  Fields:

Vas Vascular Diseases

  56. Steinmetz LM, **Coselli JS**. Endovascular Repair in Patients with Marfan Syndrome: Concerns Amid Controversy. Ann Vasc Surg. 2023 Aug; 94:1-7. PMID: [35595210](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35595210).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

  57. Bailey DM, Halligan CL, Davies RG, Funnell A, Appadurai IR, Rose GA, Rimmer L, Jubouri M, **Coselli JS** , Williams IM, Bashir M. Subjective assessment underestimates surgical risk: On the potential benefits of cardiopulmonary exercise testing for open thoracoabdominal repair. J Card Surg. 2022 Aug; 37(8):2258-2265. PMID: [35485597](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35485597); PMCID: [PMC9324953](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9324953).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  58. Janko MR, Hubbard G, Back M, Shah SK, Pomozi E, Szeberin Z, DeMartino R, Wang LJ, Crofts S, Belkin M, Davila VJ, Lemmon GW, Wang SK, Czerny M, Kreibich M, Humphries MD, Shutze W, Joh JH, Cho S, Behrendt CA, Setacci C, Hacker RI, D'Oria M, Lepidi S, Chiesa R, Kahlberg A, Go MR, Rizzo AN, Black JH, Magee GA, Elsayed R, Baril DT, Beck AW, McFarland GE, Gavali H, Wanhainen A, Kashyap VS, Stoecker JB, Wang GJ, Zhou W, Fujimura N, Obara H, Wishy AM, Bose S, Smeds M, Liang P, Schermerhorn M, Conrad MF, Hsu JH, Patel R, Lee JT, Liapis CD, Moulakakis KG, Farber MA, Motta F, Ricco JB, Bath J, **Coselli JS** , Aziz F, Coleman DM, Davis FM, Fatima J, Irshad A, Shalhub S, Kakkos S, Zhang Q, Lawrence PF, Woo K, [Chung J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102696), Sobreira ML, Yoshida WB. In-situ bypass is associated with superior infection-free survival compared with extra-anatomic bypass for the management of secondary aortic graft infections without enteric involvement. J Vasc Surg. 2022 08; 76(2):546-555.e3. PMID: [35470015](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35470015).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansCells

  59. Frankel WC, Green SY, Amarasekara HS, Orozco-Sevilla V, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Early and late outcomes of surgical repair of mycotic aortic aneurysms: A 30-year experience. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2024 Feb; 167(2):578-587. PMID: [35643768](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35643768).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  60. Hemli JM, Pupovac SS, Gleason TG, Sundt TM, Desai ND, Pacini D, Ouzounian M, Appoo JJ, Montgomery DG, Eagle KA, Ota T, Di Eusanio M, Estrera AL, **Coselli JS** , Patel HJ, Trimarchi S, Brinster DR, IRAD Investigators. Management of acute type A aortic dissection in the elderly: an analysis from IRAD. Eur J Cardiothorac Surg. 2022 03 24; 61(4):838-846. PMID: [34977934](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34977934).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  61. **Coselli JS**. Durability Beyond Our Wildest Dreams: The Caged-Ball Valve at 60 Years. Tex Heart Inst J. 2022 03 01; 49(2). PMID: [35390163](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35390163); PMCID: [PMC9053655](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9053655).

Citations:  Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  62. Saini JS, **Coselli JS**. Commentary: Aortic arch repair: Custom made versus one size fits all. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2023 10; 166(4):1009-1010. PMID: [35337676](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35337676).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  63. Orozco-Sevilla V, **Coselli JS**. Commentary: A different animal but the same beast. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2023 Nov; 166(5):1411-1412. PMID: [35337674](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35337674).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  64. Frankel WC, Sylvester CB, Asokan S, Ryan CT, Zea-Vera R, Zhang Q, Wall MJ, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS** , [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872). Outcomes, Cost, and Readmission After Surgical Aortic or Mitral Valve Replacement at Safety-Net and Non-Safety-Net Hospitals. Ann Thorac Surg. 2022 09; 114(3):703-709. PMID: [35202596](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35202596); PMCID: [PMC9413024](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9413024).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

  65. Jubouri M, Al-Tawil M, Yip HCA, Bashir A, Tan SZCP, Bashir M, Anderson R, Bailey D, Nienaber CA, **Coselli JS** , Williams I. Mid- and long-term outcomes of thoracic endovascular aortic repair in acute and subacute uncomplicated type B aortic dissection. J Card Surg. 2022 May; 37(5):1328-1339. PMID: [35191082](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35191082).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  66. Zea-Vera R, Asokan S, Shah RM, Ryan CT, [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), Wall MJ, **Coselli JS** , [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), [Kayani WT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010153), Jneid H, [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872). Racial/ethnic differences persist in treatment choice and outcomes in isolated intervention for coronary artery disease. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2023 10; 166(4):1087-1096.e5. PMID: [35248359](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35248359); PMCID: [PMC11092967](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC11092967).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  67. Singh S, Palanca JA, Austin NJ, Tan SZCP, Jubouri M, Bailey DM, Williams IM, Nienaber CA, **Coselli JS** , Bashir M. Criteria for endovascular intervention in type B aortic dissection. J Card Surg. 2022 Apr; 37(4):987-992. PMID: [35083781](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35083781).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/35083781/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  68. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Le Huu A, Olive J, Cekmecelioglu D, **Coselli JS**. Endovascular repair of the ascending aorta: the last frontier. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2022 Jan; 11(1):26-30. PMID: [35211382](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35211382); PMCID: [PMC8807413](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8807413).

Citations:

  69. Le Huu A, Olive JK, Cekmecelioglu D, [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), Amarasekara HS, Green SY, **Coselli JS** , [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328). Endovascular therapy for patients with heritable thoracic aortic disease. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2022 Jan; 11(1):31-36. PMID: [35211383](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35211383); PMCID: [PMC8807421](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8807421).

Citations:

  70. Dawson A, Li Y, Li Y, Ren P, Vasquez HG, Zhang C, Rebello KR, Ageedi W, Azares AR, [Mattar AB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478778), Sheppard MB, Lu HS, **Coselli JS** , Cassis LA, Daugherty A, Shen YH, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Single-Cell Analysis of Aneurysmal Aortic Tissue in Patients with Marfan Syndrome Reveals Dysfunctional TGF-? Signaling. Genes (Basel). 2021 12 30; 13(1). PMID: [35052435](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35052435); PMCID: [PMC8774900](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8774900).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/35052435/citedby/) Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:HumansCells

  71. Jubouri M, Bashir M, Tan SZCP, Bailey D, Anderson R, Nienaber CA, **Coselli JS** , Williams I. What is the optimal timing for thoracic endovascular aortic repair in uncomplicated Type B aortic dissection? J Card Surg. 2022 Apr; 37(4):993-1001. PMID: [34967980](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34967980).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  72. **Coselli JS**. Commentary: An oldie is not always a goodie. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2023 10; 166(4):1032-1033. PMID: [35016784](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35016784).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  73. Ageedi W, Zhang C, Frankel WC, Dawson A, Li Y, **Coselli JS** , Shen HY, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). AIM2 Inflammasome Activation Contributes to Aortic Dissection in a Sporadic Aortic Disease Mouse Model. J Surg Res. 2022 04; 272:105-116. PMID: [34963084](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34963084).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:HumansAnimals

  74. **Coselli JS**. Nothing like a good feud to spark competition: First use of the total artificial heart. Artif Organs. 2022 Jan; 46(1):8-13. PMID: [34881809](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34881809).

Citations:  Fields:

Tra Transplantation

Translation:Humans

  75. **Coselli JS** , Frankel WC, Green SY, Amarasekara HS, Zhang Q, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Staged Repair of Extensive Aneurysms of the Thoracic Aorta by Using the Elephant Trunk Technique. Ann Thorac Surg. 2022 11; 114(5):1578-1585. PMID: [34808113](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34808113).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

  76. Seese L, Chen EP, Badhwar V, Thibault D, Habib RH, Thourani V, [Bakaeen F](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), O'Brien S, Jawitz OK, Zwischenberger B, Gleason TG, Sultan I, Kilic A, **Coselli JS** , Svensson LG, Chikwe J, Chu D, Jacobs JP. Optimal circulatory arrest temperature for aortic hemiarch replacement with antegrade brain perfusion. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2023 05; 165(5):1759-1770.e3. PMID: [34887095](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34887095).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  77. Mussa FF, Girardi LN, Braverman AC, Grima J, Eagle KA, **Coselli JS**. Introduction to the Genetically Triggered Aortic Conditions Alliance. J Vasc Surg. 2022 01; 75(1):1-2. PMID: [34949378](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34949378).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  78. [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Orozco-Sevilla V, **Coselli JS**. Perioperative management of patients undergoing thoracic endovascular repair. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2021 Nov; 10(6):768-777. PMID: [34926179](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34926179); PMCID: [PMC8640883](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8640883).

Citations:

  79. Zea-Vera R, Ryan CT, Havelka J, Corr SJ, Nguyen TC, [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), Wall MJ, **Coselli JS** , [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872). Machine Learning to Predict Outcomes and Cost by Phase of Care After Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting. Ann Thorac Surg. 2022 09; 114(3):711-719. PMID: [34582751](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34582751); PMCID: [PMC9703607](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9703607).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

  80. Audain E, Wilsdon A, Breckpot J, Izarzugaza JMG, Fitzgerald TW, Kahlert AK, Sifrim A, Perez-Riverol Y, Abdul-Khaliq H, Bak M, Bassett AS, Benson DW, Berger F, Daehnert I, Devriendt K, Dittrich S, Daubeney PE, Garg V, Hackmann K, Hoff K, Hofmann P, Dombrowsky G, Pickardt T, Bauer U, Keavney BD, Klaassen S, Kramer HH, Marshall CR, Milewicz DM, [Lemaire S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Mitchell ME, Tomita-Mitchell A, Prakash SK, Stamm K, Stewart AFR, Silversides CK, Siebert R, Stiller B, Rosenfeld JA, Vater I, Postma AV, Caliebe A, Brook JD, Andelfinger G, Hurles ME, Thienpont B, Larsen LA, Hitz MP, W?nnemann F. Correction: Integrative analysis of genomic variants reveals new associations of candidate haploinsufficient genes with congenital heart disease. PLoS Genet. 2021 Sep; 17(9):e1009809. PMID: [34547032](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34547032); PMCID: [PMC8454942](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8454942).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen Genetics

  81. Halas M, **Coselli JS**. Commentary: A little help from the bench to cut risk of paraplegia? J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2023 03; 165(3):e101-e102. PMID: [34600762](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34600762).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  82. **Coselli JS** , Volguina IV, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Connolly HM, Sundt TM, Milewicz DM, Dietz HC, Amarasekara HS, Green SY, Zhang Q, Schaff HV, Miller DC, Aortic Valve Operative Outcomes in Marfan Patients Study Group. Midterm outcomes of aortic root surgery in patients with Marfan syndrome: A prospective, multicenter, comparative study. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2023 05; 165(5):1790-1799.e12. PMID: [34629178](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34629178).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/34629178/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  83. Cekmecelioglu D, [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), **Coselli JS** , [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328). Open transcatheter valve replacement for prosthesis-patient mismatch at redo surgical aortic valve replacement. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2021 Sep; 10(5):711-713. PMID: [34733704](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34733704); PMCID: [PMC8505907](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8505907).

Citations:

  84. Cekmecelioglu D, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Dougherty KG, [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), Green SY, [Silva GV](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269059), **Coselli JS** , D?ez JG. Transcatheter valve-in-valve implantation for degenerated stentless aortic bioroots. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2021 Sep; 10(5):641-650. PMID: [34733691](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34733691); PMCID: [PMC8505916](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8505916).

Citations:

  85. Kherallah RY, [Koneru S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/20310330), [Krajcer Z](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266698), [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Dougherty KG, McCormack ML, Costello BT, [Coulter S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268929), [Strickman NE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267958), [Plana Gomez JC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8065532), [Mortazavi A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266905), [Livesay JJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267355), **Coselli JS** , [Silva GV](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269059), D?ez JG. Hemodynamic outcomes after valve-in-valve transcatheter aortic valve replacement: a single-center experience. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2021 Sep; 10(5):630-640. PMID: [34733690](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34733690); PMCID: [PMC8505917](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8505917).

Citations:

  86. Halas M, **Coselli JS**. Commentary: Is the glass half full or half empty? J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2023 03; 165(3):954-955. PMID: [34511242](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34511242).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  87. Olive JK, Mansoor S, Simpson K, [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Jimenez E, [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872), [Groth SS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/14348380), [Burt BM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8354542), [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), **Coselli JS** , [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328). Demographic Landscape of Cardiothoracic Surgeons and Residents at United States Training Programs. Ann Thorac Surg. 2022 07; 114(1):108-114. PMID: [34454903](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34454903).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  88. Janko M, Hubbard G, Woo K, Kashyap VS, Mitchell M, Murugesan A, Chen L, Gardner R, Baril D, Hacker RI, Szeberin Z, ElSayed R, Magee GA, Motta F, Zhou W, Lemmon G, Coleman D, Behrendt CA, Aziz F, Black JH, Tran K, Dao A, Shutze W, Garrett HE, De Caridi G, Patel R, Liapis CD, Geroulakos G, Kakisis J, Moulakakis K, Kakkos SK, Obara H, Wang G, Stoecker J, Davila V, Ravin R, DeMartino R, Milner R, Shalhub S, Jim J, Lee J, Dubuis C, Ricco JB, **Coselli J** , [Lemaire S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Fatima J, Sanford J, Yoshida W, Schermerhorn ML, Menard M, Belkin M, Blackwood S, Conrad M, Wang L, Crofts S, Nixon T, Wu T, Chiesa R, Bose S, Turner J, Moore R, Smith J, Irshad A, Hsu J, Czerny M, Cullen J, Kahlberg A, Setacci C, Joh JH, Senneville E, Garrido P, Sarac TP, Rizzo A, Go MR, Bjorck M, Gavali H, Wanhainen A, D'Oria M, Lepidi S, Mastrorilli D, Veraldi G, Piazza M, Squizzato F, Beck A, St John R, Wishy A, Humphries M, Shah SK, Back M, [Chung J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102696), Lawrence PF, Bath J, Smeds MR, Rh?aume P. Contemporary Outcomes After Partial Resection of Infected Aortic Grafts. Ann Vasc Surg. 2021 Oct; 76:202-210. PMID: [34437963](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34437963).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  89. Audain E, Wilsdon A, Breckpot J, Izarzugaza JMG, Fitzgerald TW, Kahlert AK, Sifrim A, Perez-Riverol Y, Abdul-Khaliq H, Bak M, Bassett AS, Benson DW, Berger F, Daehnert I, Devriendt K, Daubeney PE, Garg V, Hackmann K, Hoff K, Hofmann P, Dombrowsky G, Pickardt T, Bauer U, Keavney BD, Kramer HH, Marshall CR, Milewicz DM, [Lemaire S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Mitchell ME, Tomita-Mitchell A, Prakash SK, Stamm K, Stewart AFR, Silversides CK, Siebert R, Stiller B, Rosenfeld JA, Vater I, Postma AV, Caliebe A, Brook JD, Hurles ME, Thienpont B, Larsen LA, Hitz MP, W?nnemann F, Dittrich S, Klaassen S, Andelfinger G. Integrative analysis of genomic variants reveals new associations of candidate haploinsufficient genes with congenital heart disease. PLoS Genet. 2021 07; 17(7):e1009679. PMID: [34324492](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34324492); PMCID: [PMC8354477](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8354477).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/34324492/citedby/) Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:HumansCells

  90. Amin A, [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872), Zhang Q, Zea-Vera R, [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403). Ninety-Day Readmission After Open Surgical Repair of Stanford Type A Aortic Dissection. Ann Thorac Surg. 2022 06; 113(6):1971-1978. PMID: [34331934](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34331934).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  91. Hong JC, Orozco-Sevilla V, **Coselli JS**. Take the icy plunge: frozen elephant trunk technique to repair penetrating aortic ulcers of the arch. Eur J Cardiothorac Surg. 2021 06 14; 59(6):1244-1246. PMID: [33550412](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33550412).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  92. **Coselli JS**. Commentary: Hidden treasure: Cultivating pearls from a sea of information. JTCVS Tech. 2021 Dec; 10:14-15. PMID: [34977696](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34977696); PMCID: [PMC8690275](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8690275).

Citations:

  93. [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), Shi A, Yoon L, Green SY, Zhang Q, Amarasekara HS, Orozco-Sevilla V, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Effect of sarcopenia on survival and spinal cord deficit outcomes after thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair in patients 60?years of age and older. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2023 06; 165(6):1985-1996.e3. PMID: [34147254](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34147254).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/34147254/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  94. Huckaby LV, Sultan I, Leshnower B, Chen EP, Brinster DR, Myrmel T, Estrera AL, Montgomery DG, Korach A, Eckstein HH, **Coselli JS** , Ota T, Kaiser CA, Eagle KA, Patel HJ, Gleason TG, Trimarchi S. Sex-Based Aortic Dissection Outcomes From the International Registry of Acute Aortic Dissection. Ann Thorac Surg. 2022 02; 113(2):498-505. PMID: [34090668](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34090668); PMCID: [PMC9015734](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9015734).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/34090668/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  95. **Coselli JS** , Hong JC. Commentary: 3-D Printing: Taming the Aorta. Semin Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2022; 34(3):823-824. PMID: [34004285](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34004285).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  96. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Cekmecelioglu D, [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), Green SY, Amarasekara H, Zhang Q, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Sex Differences in Ascending Aortic and Arch Surgery: A Propensity-Matched Comparison of 1153 Pairs. Ann Thorac Surg. 2022 04; 113(4):1153-1158. PMID: [33971171](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33971171).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  97. Malaisrie SC, Szeto WY, Halas M, Girardi LN, **Coselli JS** , Sundt TM, Chen EP, Fischbein MP, Gleason TG, Okita Y, Ouzounian M, Patel HJ, Roselli EE, Shrestha ML, Svensson LG, [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), AATS Clinical Practice Standards Committee: Adult Cardiac Surgery. 2021 The American Association for Thoracic Surgery expert consensus document: Surgical treatment of acute type A aortic dissection. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2021 09; 162(3):735-758.e2. PMID: [34112502](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34112502).

Citations:
[13](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/34112502/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  98. Ryan CT, Almousa A, Zea-Vera R, Zhang Q, [Amos CI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23372697), **Coselli JS** , [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872). Outcomes of Aortic Valve Replacement for Chronic Aortic Insufficiency: Analysis of the Society of Thoracic Surgeons Database. Ann Thorac Surg. 2022 03; 113(3):763-772. PMID: [33910050](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33910050); PMCID: [PMC8542644](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8542644).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33910050/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  99. **Coselli JS** , Hong JC. Commentary: There is more than one way to skin a cat. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2023 04; 165(4):1281-1282. PMID: [33962756](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33962756).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  100. Hong JC, **Coselli JS**. Commentary: Through thick and thin. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2023 04; 165(4):1343-1344. PMID: [33965225](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33965225).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  101. **Coselli JS** , Estrera AL, Bashir M. Thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm surgery: Houston, we have a problem! J Cardiovasc Surg (Torino). 2021 Jun; 62(3):189-190. PMID: [33736428](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33736428).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  102. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. Commentary: Aortic regurgitation and aortic cusp repair: The devil is in the details. JTCVS Tech. 2021 Jun; 7:119-120. PMID: [34318221](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34318221); PMCID: [PMC8311993](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8311993).

Citations:

  103. [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), **Coselli JS** , Engelman DT. Commentary: "How to Slay the Aortic Dissection Beast in a COVID-19 World". Semin Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2021; 33(2):313-315. PMID: [33607261](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33607261); PMCID: [PMC7885634](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7885634).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansCellsPHPublic Health

  104. Orozco-Sevilla V, **Coselli JS**. Surgical strategies in the management of chronic dissection of the thoracoabdominal aorta. J Cardiovasc Surg (Torino). 2021 Aug; 62(4):302-315. PMID: [33565747](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33565747).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  105. Orozco-Sevilla V, **Coselli JS**. Commentary: Parley at the summit. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2021 09; 162(3):799-800. PMID: [33642102](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33642102).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  106. Green SY, Safi HJ, **Coselli JS**. A history of open thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair: perspective from Houston. J Cardiovasc Surg (Torino). 2021 Jun; 62(3):191-202. PMID: [33496425](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33496425).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  107. **Coselli JS**. Reply: Just because we can, should we? Quantity versus quality of life. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2021 05; 161(5):e363-e364. PMID: [33514465](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33514465).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  108. Hong JC, **Coselli JS**. Open repair remains the gold standard. JTCVS Tech. 2021 Dec; 10:16-23. PMID: [34977697](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34977697); PMCID: [PMC8689676](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8689676).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/34977697/citedby/)

  109. **Coselli JS**. Discussion. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2021 Mar; 161(3):913-915. PMID: [33451841](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33451841).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  110. Reidy MR, Jimenez E, Omer S, [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Runbeck SX, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [Loor G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/20201895), [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), **Coselli JS**. Single-Dose del Nido Cardioplegia Compared With Standard Cardioplegia During Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting at a Veterans Affairs Hospital. Tex Heart Inst J. 2021 01 01; 48(1). PMID: [33946111](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33946111); PMCID: [PMC8108719](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8108719).

Citations:  Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  111. Braverman AC, Mittauer E, Harris KM, Evangelista A, Pyeritz RE, Brinster D, Conklin L, Suzuki T, Fanola C, Ouzounian M, Chen E, Bekeredjian R, Hutchison S, **Coselli J** , Gilon D, O'Gara P, Davis M, Isselbacher E, Eagle K, Myrmel T. Clinical Features and Outcomes of Pregnancy-Related Acute Aortic Dissection. JAMA Cardiol. 2021 01 01; 6(1):58-66. PMID: [33052376](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33052376); PMCID: [PMC7557715](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7557715).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33052376/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  112. [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. Commentary: The aggregation of marginal gains for spinal cord protection. JTCVS Tech. 2021 Apr; 6:9-10. PMID: [34318128](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34318128); PMCID: [PMC8300903](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8300903).

Citations:

  113. [Kherallah RY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/35432071), Harrison D, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [Silva GV](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269059), Dougherty KG, [Coulter SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268929), [Simpson L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269237), [Strickman NE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267958), [Mortazavi A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266905), Palaskas N, Fish RD, [Krajcer Z](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266698), [Stainback RF](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269664), Gomez JCP, [Livesay JJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267355), **Coselli JS** , [Koneru S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/20310330). Transcatheter aortic valve replacement after chest radiation: A propensity-matched analysis. Int J Cardiol. 2021 04 15; 329:50-55. PMID: [33359282](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33359282).

Citations:  Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  114. **Coselli JS**. Commentary: Not just for kids anymore: The Ross procedure grows up. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2021 03; 161(3):916-917. PMID: [33454097](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33454097).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  115. Clement KC, Canner JK, Sussman MS, Hicks CW, Sandhu HK, Estrera AL, **Coselli JS** , [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403). Persistent Opioid Use After Open Aortic Surgery: Risk Factors, Costs, and Consequences. Ann Thorac Surg. 2021 Dec; 112(6):1939-1945. PMID: [33338481](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33338481); PMCID: [PMC9853230](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9853230).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  116. [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Orozco-Sevilla V, **Coselli JS**. Critical care management after open thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair. J Cardiovasc Surg (Torino). 2021 Jun; 62(3):220-229. PMID: [33307646](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33307646).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33307646/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  117. Orozco-Sevilla V, **Coselli JS**. Commentary: One rose does not make a bouquet. JTCVS Tech. 2021 Feb; 5:4-5. PMID: [34318089](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34318089); PMCID: [PMC8300038](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8300038).

Citations:

  118. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Amarasekara H, Price MD, [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), Green SY, Woodside S, Zhang Q, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Propensity score analysis in patients with and without previous isolated coronary artery bypass grafting who require proximal aortic and arch surgery. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2022 11; 164(5):1390-1396.e2. PMID: [33419538](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33419538).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  119. **Coselli JS** , Krause HM, Green SY, Zhang Q, Amarasekara HS, Price MD, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). A 23-year experience with the reversed elephant trunk technique for staged repair of extensive thoracic aortic aneurysm. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2022 Apr; 163(4):1252-1264. PMID: [33419554](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33419554).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  120. Frankel WC, Green SY, Amarasekara HS, Zhang Q, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Early Gastrointestinal Complications After Open Thoracoabdominal Aortic Aneurysm Repair. Ann Thorac Surg. 2021 09; 112(3):717-724. PMID: [33217404](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33217404).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  121. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Critsinelis A, Simpson K, Olive JK, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Jimenez E, Byrne J, [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), **Coselli JS**. Sex, Racial, and Ethnic Disparities in U.S. Cardiovascular Trials in More Than 230,000 Patients. Ann Thorac Surg. 2021 09; 112(3):726-735. PMID: [33189670](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33189670).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33189670/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  122. Cekmecelioglu D, Orozco-Sevilla V, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), **Coselli J**. Acute DeBakey Type II Dissection Mimics Left Ventricle Outflow Tract Obstruction. Ann Thorac Surg. 2021 02; 111(2):e149. PMID: [33157054](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33157054).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  123. Hong JC, **Coselli JS** , [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328). The Dos and Don'ts of Open and Endovascular Thoracoabdominal Aortic Aneurysm Repair. Innovations (Phila). 2020 Nov/Dec; 15(6):513-520. PMID: [33124924](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33124924).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  124. Orozco-Sevilla V, **Coselli JS**. Commentary: Occam's razor: The simplest solution is always the best. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2022 10; 164(4):1053-1054. PMID: [33234256](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33234256).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  125. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. Commentary: Aortic arch repair: The patient's anatomy and the surgeon's knowledge matter. JTCVS Tech. 2020 Dec; 4:5-6. PMID: [34317951](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34317951); PMCID: [PMC8307323](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8307323).

Citations:

  126. Li Y, Ren P, Dawson A, Vasquez HG, Ageedi W, Zhang C, Luo W, Chen R, Li Y, Kim S, Lu HS, Cassis LA, **Coselli JS** , Daugherty A, Shen YH, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Single-Cell Transcriptome Analysis Reveals Dynamic Cell Populations and Differential Gene Expression Patterns in Control and Aneurysmal Human Aortic Tissue. Circulation. 2020 10 06; 142(14):1374-1388. PMID: [33017217](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33017217); PMCID: [PMC7539140](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7539140).

Citations:
[38](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33017217/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  127. [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [Anton JM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268487), [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), **Coselli JS**. Cardiac surgery during the COVID-19 sine wave: Preparation once, preparation twice. A view from Houston. J Card Surg. 2021 May; 36(5):1615-1623. PMID: [32985747](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32985747); PMCID: [PMC7537308](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7537308).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32985747/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General Surgery

Translation:HumansCellsPHPublic Health

  128. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Zhang L, Zhang NS, Luo W, Barrish JP, Zhang Q, **Coselli JS** , Shen YH. Ciprofloxacin accelerates aortic enlargement and promotes dissection and rupture in Marfan mice. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2022 03; 163(3):e215-e226. PMID: [34586071](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34586071).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Animals

  129. Hong JC, **Coselli JS**. Commentary: Measure twice, cut once. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2021 02; 161(2):e148-e149. PMID: [32951874](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32951874).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  130. [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Mousavi MC, Orozco-Sevilla V, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Successful use of angiotensin II for vasoplegia after thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair. JTCVS Tech. 2020 Dec; 4:72-75. PMID: [34317968](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34317968); PMCID: [PMC8303085](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8303085).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/34317968/citedby/)

  131. Orozco-Sevilla V, **Coselli JS** , ?ekmecelioglu D. Open vs. endovascular thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair: tale of the tape. Asian Cardiovasc Thorac Ann. 2021 Sep; 29(7):643-653. PMID: [32772547](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32772547).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  132. Frankel WC, Weldon SA, Green SY, Amarasekara HS, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Open Repair of Acute Type A Intramural Hematoma in 3 Patients. Tex Heart Inst J. 2020 08 01; 47(4):290-297. PMID: [33472224](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33472224); PMCID: [PMC7819437](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7819437).

Citations:  Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  133. **Coselli J** , ?ekmecelioglu D, K?ksoy C. The frozen elephant trunk technique in acute DeBakey type I aortic dissection. Turk Gogus Kalp Damar Cerrahisi Derg. 2020 Jul; 28(3):411-418. PMID: [32953202](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32953202); PMCID: [PMC7493599](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7493599).

Citations:

  134. [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Amarasekara HS, Green SY, Wei Q, Zhang Q, Price MD, Jesudasen S, Woodside SJ, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. Differential presentation in acuity and outcomes based on socioeconomic status in patients who undergo thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2022 06; 163(6):1990-1998.e1. PMID: [32891456](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32891456).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  135. **Coselli JS** , Orozco-Sevilla V. Commentary: A situation where time is of the essence except when it is not. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2021 05; 161(5):1739-1741. PMID: [33160615](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33160615).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  136. **Coselli JS**. Discussion. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2022 Feb; 163(2):547-548. PMID: [32654873](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32654873).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  137. **Coselli JS** , Orozco-Sevilla V. Commentary: The devil is in the details. JTCVS Tech. 2020 Sep; 3:37-38. PMID: [34317803](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34317803); PMCID: [PMC8304492](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8304492).

Citations:

  138. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [Olutoye OO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266840), [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), Le Huu A, **Coselli JS**. Provisional extension to induce complete attachment of an endovascular repair for acute type A aortic dissection with visceral malperfusion. JTCVS Tech. 2020 Sep; 3:61-63. PMID: [34317814](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34317814); PMCID: [PMC8303074](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8303074).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/34317814/citedby/)

  139. Frankel WC, Green SY, Orozco-Sevilla V, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. Contemporary Surgical Strategies for Acute Type A Aortic Dissection. Semin Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2020 Winter; 32(4):617-629. PMID: [32615305](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32615305).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32615305/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  140. Janko MR, Woo K, Hacker RI, Baril D, Bath J, Smeds MR, Kashyap VS, Szeberin Z, Magee GA, Elsayed R, Wishy A, St John R, Beck A, Farber M, Motta F, Zhou W, Lemmon G, Coleman D, Behrendt CA, Aziz F, Black J, Shutze W, Garrett HE, De Caridi G, Liapis CD, Geroulakos G, Kakisis J, Moulakakis K, Kakkos SK, Obara H, Wang G, Davila V, Ravin R, DeMartino R, Milner R, Shalhub S, Jim J, Lee J, Dubuis C, **Coselli J** , [Lemaire S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Fatima J, Sanford J, Yoshida W, Schermerhorn ML, Menard M, Belkin M, Blackwood S, Conrad M, Wang L, Crofts S, Nixon T, Wu T, Chiesa R, Bose S, Turner J, Moore R, Smith J, Ciocca R, Hsu J, Czerny M, Cullen J, Kahlberg A, Setacci C, Joh JH, Senneville E, Garrido P, Sarac TP, Rizzo A, Go MR, Bjorck M, Gavali H, Wanhainen A, Lawrence PF, [Chung J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102696), Rh?aume P, Ricco JB. In situ bypass and extra-anatomic bypass procedures result in similar survival in patients with secondary aortoenteric fistulas. J Vasc Surg. 2021 01; 73(1):210-221.e1. PMID: [32445832](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32445832).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32445832/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  141. **Coselli JS**. Commentary: Fools rush in where angels fear to tread. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2021 05; 161(5):e357-e358. PMID: [32532499](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32532499).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  142. [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Gillinov AM, Roselli EE, Chikwe J, [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), Adams DH, **Coselli JS** , Dearani JA, Svensson LG. Cardiac surgery and the coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic: What we know, what we do not know, and what we need to do. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2020 Sep; 160(3):722-726. PMID: [32467022](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32467022); PMCID: [PMC7200351](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7200351).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32467022/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansCellsPHPublic Health

  143. Cekmecelioglu D, **Coselli JS**. Aortic arch repair with frozen elephant trunk versus conventional elephant trunk. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2020 May; 9(3):223-225. PMID: [32551255](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32551255); PMCID: [PMC7298238](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7298238).

Citations:

  144. **Coselli JS**. Commentary: It's not how you drive-it's how you arrive! J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2022 02; 163(2):549-550. PMID: [32389461](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32389461).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  145. **Coselli JS**. Commentary: The benefits of going big: Cost savings and reduced mortality in a national study of proximal aortic repair. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2022 04; 163(4):1281-1282. PMID: [32381330](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32381330).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  146. Alnasser SA, Vunnamadala KC, [Preventza OA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS** , de la Cruz KI. Endovascular Repair of a Pseudoaneurysm After Multiple Open Repairs of Aortic Coarctation. Tex Heart Inst J. 2020 04 01; 47(2):149-151. PMID: [32603467](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32603467); PMCID: [PMC7328088](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7328088).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32603467/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  147. Ren P, Wu D, Appel R, Zhang L, Zhang C, Luo W, Robertson AAB, Cooper MA, **Coselli JS** , Milewicz DM, Shen YH, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Targeting the NLRP3 Inflammasome With Inhibitor MCC950 Prevents Aortic Aneurysms and Dissections in Mice. J Am Heart Assoc. 2020 04 07; 9(7):e014044. PMID: [32223388](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32223388); PMCID: [PMC7428617](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7428617).

Citations:
[24](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32223388/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansAnimalsCells

  148. [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [Casar JG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268786), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. Perioperative care after thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair: The Baylor College of Medicine experience. Part 1: Preoperative considerations. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2021 02; 161(2):693-698. PMID: [32192727](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32192727).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32192727/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  149. [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [Casar JG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268786), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. Perioperative care after thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair: The Baylor College of Medicine experience. Part 2: Postoperative management. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2021 02; 161(2):699-705. PMID: [32192728](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32192728).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32192728/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  150. Chen E, Gleason T, Yang B, **Coselli J** , Shrestha M. Discussions in Cardiothoracic Treatment and Care: The Contemporary Management of Acute Type A Aortic Dissection. Semin Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2020 Summer; 32(2):202-210. PMID: [32061659](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32061659).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32061659/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  151. Alnasser SA, Martin AH, [Preventza OA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS** , de la Cruz KI. Proximal Descending Thoracic Aortic Pseudoaneurysm in a 24-Year-Old Man after 2 Childhood Repairs of Interrupted Aortic Arch. Tex Heart Inst J. 2020 02; 47(1):27-29. PMID: [32148449](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32148449); PMCID: [PMC7046349](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7046349).

Citations:  Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  152. Patel RS, Nguyen S, Lee MT, Price MD, Krause H, Truong VTT, Sandhu HK, Charlton-Ouw KM, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Prakash SK. Clinical Characteristics and Long-Term Outcomes of Midaortic Syndrome. Ann Vasc Surg. 2020 Jul; 66:318-325. PMID: [31923594](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31923594).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31923594/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  153. Dolapoglu A, **Coselli JS**. Commentary: Risk of overlapping surgery in cardiac surgery? Much ado about nothing. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2021 07; 162(1):165-166. PMID: [32007251](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32007251).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  154. Luo W, Wang Y, Zhang L, Ren P, Zhang C, Li Y, Azares AR, Zhang M, Guo J, [Ghaghada KB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268527), [Starosolski ZA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270164), Rajapakshe K, [Coarfa C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265668), Li Y, Chen R, [Fujiwara K](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12584007), [Abe JI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582869), **Coselli JS** , Milewicz DM, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Shen YH. Critical Role of Cytosolic DNA and Its Sensing Adaptor STING in Aortic Degeneration, Dissection, and Rupture. Circulation. 2020 01 07; 141(1):42-66. PMID: [31887080](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31887080); PMCID: [PMC6939474](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6939474).

Citations:
[34](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31887080/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:AnimalsCells

  155. **Coselli JS**. Commentary: The hinge point doubles down-What's next for descending thoracic and thoracoabdominal aortic repair. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2021 02; 161(2):512-513. PMID: [31987619](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31987619).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  156. **Coselli JS**. Commentary: We still do not know what we do not know. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2021 04; 161(4):1191-1192. PMID: [31818433](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31818433).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  157. Flynn CD, Curran NP, Chan S, Zegri-Reiriz I, Tauron M, Tian DH, Pettersson GB, **Coselli JS** , Misfeld M, Antunes MJ, Quintana E, Mestres CA. Systematic review and meta-analysis of surgical outcomes comparing mechanical valve replacement and bioprosthetic valve replacement in infective endocarditis. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2019 Nov; 8(6):587-599. PMID: [31832349](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31832349); PMCID: [PMC6892732](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6892732).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31832349/citedby/)

  158. Le Huu A, **Coselli JS**. Commentary: Aortic repair in the Great White North-endovascular or open, eh? J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2021 02; 161(2):528-529. PMID: [31916992](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31916992).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  159. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Liao JL, Olive JK, Simpson K, Critsinelis AC, Price MD, Galati M, [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Orozco-Sevilla V, Omer S, Jimenez E, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Neurologic complications after the frozen elephant trunk procedure: A meta-analysis of more than 3000 patients. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2020 Jul; 160(1):20-33.e4. PMID: [31757456](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31757456).

Citations:
[31](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31757456/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  160. Frankel WC, Song HK, Milewski RK, Shalhub S, Pugh NL, Eagle KA, Roman MJ, Pyeritz RE, Maslen CL, Ravekes WJ, Milewicz DM, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), GenTAC Investigators. Open Thoracoabdominal Aortic Repair in Patients With Heritable Aortic Disease in the GenTAC Registry. Ann Thorac Surg. 2020 05; 109(5):1378-1384. PMID: [31568749](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31568749).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31568749/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  161. [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Green SY, Price MD, Amarasekara HS, Zhang Q, Pirko CJ, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), de la Cruz KI, Todd SR, **Coselli JS**. Is incidental splenectomy during thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair associated with reduced survival? J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2020 Sep; 160(3):641-652.e2. PMID: [31597614](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31597614).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  162. **Coselli JS**. Commentary: Bringing life to the golden years. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2020 08; 160(2):357-358. PMID: [31635861](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31635861).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  163. Ghoreishi M, **Coselli J**. Commentary: Keep the head cool. Keep the spine cooler. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2020 07; 160(1):44-45. PMID: [31542176](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31542176).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  164. Zou S, Ren P, Zhang L, Azares AR, Zhang S, **Coselli JS** , Shen YH, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Activation of Bone Marrow-Derived Cells and Resident Aortic Cells During Aortic Injury. J Surg Res. 2020 01; 245:1-12. PMID: [31394402](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31394402); PMCID: [PMC7356595](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7356595).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31394402/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:HumansAnimalsCells

  165. **Coselli JS**. Reply: You can't always get what you want. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2020 Jan; 159(1):e21-e22. PMID: [31279513](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31279513).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  166. **Coselli JS**. Invited Commentary. Ann Thorac Surg. 2019 11; 108(5):1344. PMID: [31255617](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31255617).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  167. **Coselli JS**. Reply: Keep the arm in armamentarium. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2019 11; 158(5):e165-e166. PMID: [31256964](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31256964).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  168. Huu AL, Green SY, **Coselli JS**. Thoracoabdominal Aortic Aneurysm Repair: From an Era of Revolution to an Era of Evolution. Semin Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2019 Winter; 31(4):703-707. PMID: [31212015](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31212015).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31212015/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  169. **Coselli JS**. Commentary: Does the risk of paraplegia leave you cold? J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2019 08; 158(2):353-354. PMID: [31176546](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31176546).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  170. Gleason TG, Argenziano M, Bavaria JE, Kane LC, **Coselli JS** , Engelman RM, Tanaka KA, Awad A, Sekela ME, Zwischenberger JB. Hemoadsorption to Reduce Plasma-Free Hemoglobin During Cardiac Surgery: Results of REFRESH I Pilot Study. Semin Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2019; 31(4):783-793. PMID: [31085219](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31085219).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31085219/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansCells

  171. **Coselli JS**. Commentary: Despite global warming, frozen has its place. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2020 04; 159(4):1212-1213. PMID: [31160114](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31160114).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  172. **Coselli JS**. Target in range-Repair of acute type A aortic dissection. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2019 04; 157(4):e115-e116. PMID: [30901794](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30901794).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  173. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), de la Cruz KI, **Coselli JS**. Commentary: In surgery for acute type A aortic dissection, follow the principles and do what you need to do. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2020 03; 159(3):768-769. PMID: [31010586](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31010586).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  174. Songdechakraiwut T, Aftab M, [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), Green SY, Price MD, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), de la Cruz KI, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Tracheostomy After Thoracoabdominal Aortic Aneurysm Repair: Risk Factors and Outcomes. Ann Thorac Surg. 2019 09; 108(3):778-784. PMID: [30928555](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30928555).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30928555/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  175. **Coselli JS** , Le Huu A. Commentary: Horseshoes and hand grenades. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2020 Jan; 159(1):32-33. PMID: [30981527](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30981527).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  176. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Olive JK, Liao JL, Orozco-Sevilla V, Simpson K, Rodriguez MR, Price MD, Cheong BY, [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), de la Cruz KI, Amarasekara HS, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Acute type I aortic dissection with or without antegrade stent delivery: Mid-term outcomes. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2019 11; 158(5):1273-1281. PMID: [30955955](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30955955).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30955955/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  177. Jimenez E, Wu D, Omer S, [Cornwell L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Nunez P, [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), **Coselli JS**. Mitral Valve Repair Rate at a Veterans Affairs Hospital Utilizing a Multidisciplinary Heart Team. Semin Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2019; 31(3):434-441. PMID: [30849464](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30849464).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30849464/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  178. Duan XY, Guo DC, Regalado ES, Shen H, University of Washington Center for Mendelian Genomics, **Coselli JS** , Estrera AL, Safi HJ, Bamshad MJ, Nickerson DA, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), De Backer J, Milewicz DM. SMAD4 rare variants in individuals and families with thoracic aortic aneurysms and dissections. Eur J Hum Genet. 2019 07; 27(7):1054-1060. PMID: [30809044](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30809044); PMCID: [PMC6777456](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6777456).

Citations:
[8](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30809044/citedby/) Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:HumansCellsCTClinical Trials

  179. **Coselli JS** , Green SY, Price MD, Zhang Q, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), de la Cruz KI, Whitlock R, Amarasekara HS, Woodside SJ, Perez-Orozco A, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Spinal cord deficit after 1114 extent II open thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repairs. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2020 Jan; 159(1):1-13. PMID: [30904252](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30904252).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30904252/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  180. **Coselli JS**. Witness protection for authors of controversial guidelines. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2019 05; 157(5):e242. PMID: [30685177](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30685177).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  181. [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Amarasekara HS, Green SY, Price MD, Yanoff MS, Zhang Q, [Raghavan R](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268946), [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), de la Cruz KI, **Coselli JS**. Early-Stage Acute Kidney Injury Adversely Affects Thoracoabdominal Aortic Aneurysm Repair Outcomes. Ann Thorac Surg. 2019 06; 107(6):1720-1726. PMID: [30582925](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30582925).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30582925/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  182. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Price MD, Amarasekara HS, Orozco-Sevilla V, [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), Zhang Q, de la Cruz KI, **Coselli JS**. In the endovascular era, is elective open aortic arch surgery in elderly patients still justified? J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2019 10; 158(4):973-979. PMID: [30737107](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30737107).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30737107/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  183. Shah RM, Zhang Q, [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), Cheema F, [Loor G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/20201895), [Lemaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Wall MJ, **Coselli JS** , [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872). Incidence, Cost, and Risk Factors for Readmission After Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting. Ann Thorac Surg. 2019 06; 107(6):1782-1789. PMID: [30553740](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30553740).

Citations:
[12](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30553740/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  184. Whitlock RS, **Coselli JS**. Review: perspectives on renal and visceral protection during thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair. Indian J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2019 Jun; 35(Suppl 2):179-185. PMID: [33061084](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33061084); PMCID: [PMC7525488](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7525488).

Citations:

  185. **Coselli JS**. Commentary: Beyond the edge of the map. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2019 06; 157(6):2157-2158. PMID: [30558874](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30558874).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  186. **Coselli JS**. A Fascinating Technique Searching for a Clinical Problem. Semin Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2019; 31(1):64-65. PMID: [30366113](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30366113).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  187. **Coselli JS** , Le Huu A. Commentary: No plan is perfect: It's about making choices. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2019 06; 157(6):2137. PMID: [30454977](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30454977).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  188. Le Huu A, **Coselli JS**. Commentary: To be or not to be: The guidelines are the question. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2019 05; 157(5):1746-1747. PMID: [30414774](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30414774).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  189. Fullmer T, Wang DC, Price MD, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Gregorio Casar J, [Donovan DT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267374), Eddie Liou N, [Ongkasuwan J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270251). Incidence and Treatment Outcomes of Vocal Fold Movement Impairment After Total Arch Replacement. Laryngoscope. 2019 03; 129(3):699-703. PMID: [30284251](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30284251).

Citations:  Fields:

Oto Otolaryngology

Translation:Humans

  190. [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), Mulvoy W, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), de la Cruz KI, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. ECMO for Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome After Thoracoabdominal Aortic Aneurysm Repair. Ann Thorac Surg. 2018 10; 106(4):e171-e172. PMID: [29775606](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29775606).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29775606/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  191. Fox D, **Coselli JS** , Sade RM. The patient said he would rather die: Should you let him? J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2019 Mar; 157(3):1092-1096. PMID: [30278999](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30278999).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  192. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Zhang L, Luo W, Ren P, Azares AR, Wang Y, Zhang C, **Coselli JS** , Shen YH. Effect of Ciprofloxacin on Susceptibility to Aortic Dissection and Rupture in Mice. JAMA Surg. 2018 09 01; 153(9):e181804. PMID: [30046809](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30046809); PMCID: [PMC6233654](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6233654).

Citations:
[22](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30046809/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:AnimalsCells

  193. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Price MD, Amarasekara HS, Tullos A, Chen P, Reidy MR, Pattakos G, de la Cruz KI, Zhang Q, **Coselli JS**. Chronic Type I and Type III aortic dissections: a propensity analysis of outcomes after open distal repair. Eur J Cardiothorac Surg. 2018 09 01; 54(3):510-516. PMID: [29509879](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29509879).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29509879/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  194. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Orozco-Sevilla V, **Coselli JS**. Invited Commentary. Ann Thorac Surg. 2018 11; 106(5):1324-1325. PMID: [30118709](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30118709).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  195. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. Stent use in patients with Marfan syndrome: Not so crazy after all. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2019 Mar; 157(3):852-853. PMID: [30217633](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30217633).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  196. **Coselli JS**. Reflection of pioneers: redo thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair controversies in thoracic aortic aneurysm surgery. Gen Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2019 Jan; 67(1):168-174. PMID: [30069676](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30069676).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  197. Borger MA, Fedak PWM, Stephens EH, Gleason TG, Girdauskas E, Ikonomidis JS, Khoynezhad A, Siu SC, Verma S, Hope MD, Cameron DE, Hammer DF, **Coselli JS** , [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), Sundt TM, Barker AJ, Markl M, Della Corte A, Michelena HI, Elefteriades JA. The American Association for Thoracic Surgery consensus guidelines on bicuspid aortic valve-related aortopathy: Executive summary. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2018 08; 156(2):473-480. PMID: [30011756](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30011756); PMCID: [PMC6384009](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6384009).

Citations:
[15](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30011756/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  198. Borger MA, Fedak PWM, Stephens EH, Gleason TG, Girdauskas E, Ikonomidis JS, Khoynezhad A, Siu SC, Verma S, Hope MD, Cameron DE, Hammer DF, **Coselli JS** , [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), Sundt TM, Barker AJ, Markl M, Della Corte A, Michelena HI, Elefteriades JA. The American Association for Thoracic Surgery consensus guidelines on bicuspid aortic valve-related aortopathy: Full online-only version. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2018 08; 156(2):e41-e74. PMID: [30011777](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30011777); PMCID: [PMC6413866](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6413866).

Citations:
[43](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30011777/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  199. Moulakakis KG, Karaolanis G, Antonopoulos CN, Kakisis J, Klonaris C, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS** , Geroulakos G. Open repair of thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysms in experienced centers. J Vasc Surg. 2018 08; 68(2):634-645.e12. PMID: [30037680](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30037680).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30037680/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  200. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Orozco-Sevilla V, **Coselli JS**. The skeleton elephant trunk: A technique looking for an indication. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2018 12; 156(6):e201-e202. PMID: [30143375](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30143375).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  201. **Coselli JS**. The pursuit of perfection should not impede the struggle for improvement. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2019 01; 157(1):199-200. PMID: [30143380](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30143380).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  202. Spiliotopoulos K, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), de la Cruz KI, **Coselli JS**. Management of expanding aortic arch aneurysm after hybrid endovascular and debranching repair. Eur J Cardiothorac Surg. 2018 07 01; 54(1):185-186. PMID: [29365069](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29365069).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  203. **Coselli JS**. Invited Commentary. Ann Thorac Surg. 2018 10; 106(4):1135. PMID: [29964020](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29964020).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  204. **Coselli JS** , Amarasekara HS, Zhang Q, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), de la Cruz KI, [Chatterjee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403), Price MD, Green SY, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). The impact of preoperative chronic kidney disease on outcomes after Crawford extent II thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repairs. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2018 12; 156(6):2053-2064.e1. PMID: [30029784](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30029784).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30029784/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  205. Orozco-Sevilla V, Whitlock R, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), de la Cruz KI, **Coselli JS**. Redo Aortic Root Operations in Patients with Marfan Syndrome. Int J Angiol. 2018 Jun; 27(2):92-97. PMID: [29896041](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29896041); PMCID: [PMC5995685](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5995685).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29896041/citedby/)

  206. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Tan CW, Orozco-Sevilla V, Euhus CJ, **Coselli JS**. Zone zero hybrid arch exclusion versus open total arch replacement. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2018 May; 7(3):372-379. PMID: [30155416](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30155416); PMCID: [PMC6094022](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6094022).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30155416/citedby/)

  207. Orozco-Sevilla V, Weldon SA, **Coselli JS**. Hybrid thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair: is the future here? J Vis Surg. 2018; 4:61. PMID: [29682471](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29682471); PMCID: [PMC5897682](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5897682).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29682471/citedby/)

  208. Wu D, Chesnokova AE, Akvan S, Price MD, Sugarbaker DJ, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Postoperative Chylothorax After Thoracoabdominal Aortic Aneurysm Repair. Semin Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2018; 30(2):215-219. PMID: [29428620](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29428620).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29428620/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  209. Hussain ST, Blackstone EH, Gordon SM, Griffin B, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Woc-Colburn LE, **Coselli JS** , Pettersson GB. Randomized clinical trials of surgery for infective endocarditis: Reality versus expectations! J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2018 01; 155(1):74-75.e1. PMID: [29245208](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29245208).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  210. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Price MD, Spiliotopoulos K, Amarasekara HS, [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Omer S, de la Cruz KI, Zhang Q, Green SY, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), **Coselli JS**. In elective arch surgery with circulatory arrest, does the arterial cannulation site really matter? A propensity score analysis of right axillary and innominate artery cannulation. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2018 05; 155(5):1953-1960.e4. PMID: [29338863](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29338863).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29338863/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  211. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Orozco-Sevilla V, Pollock G, **Coselli JS**. Variety is the spice of life: One-stage or two-stage repair of extensive chronic thoracic aortic dissection. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2018 05; 155(5):1936-1937. PMID: [29336806](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29336806).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  212. **Coselli JS**. Aortic dissection: A little help from our friends. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2018 06; 155(6):2249-2250. PMID: [29366573](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29366573).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  213. **Coselli JS**. Problem Delayed Does Not Mean Solution Denied. Semin Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2017 Dec 06. PMID: [29223772](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29223772).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  214. Wu D, Price MD, Amarasekara HS, Green SY, Woodside SJ, Tullos A, Zhang Q, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Unplanned Readmissions After Open Thoracoabdominal Aortic Aneurysm Repair. Ann Thorac Surg. 2018 Jan; 105(1):228-234. PMID: [29157740](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29157740).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  215. **Coselli JS** , Weldon SA, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), de la Cruz KI, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Valve-sparing versus composite root replacement procedures in patients with Marfan syndrome. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2017 Nov; 6(6):692-696. PMID: [29270382](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29270382); PMCID: [PMC5721102](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5721102).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29270382/citedby/)

  216. **Coselli JS**. Mega-aortic surgery: The whole enchilada or divide and conquer. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2018 02; 155(2):505-506. PMID: [29126624](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29126624).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  217. Ren P, Hughes M, Krishnamoorthy S, Zou S, Zhang L, Wu D, Zhang C, Curci JA, **Coselli JS** , Milewicz DM, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Shen YH. Critical Role of ADAMTS-4 in the Development of Sporadic Aortic Aneurysm and Dissection in Mice. Sci Rep. 2017 09 27; 7(1):12351. PMID: [28955046](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28955046); PMCID: [PMC5617887](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5617887).

Citations:
[38](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28955046/citedby/) Fields:

Sci Science

Translation:HumansAnimalsCells

  218. **Coselli JS**. Sometimes evolution requires a revolution. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2017 12; 154(6):e99-e100. PMID: [28947202](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28947202).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  219. Spiliotopoulos K, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Green SY, Price MD, Amarasekara HS, Davis BM, de la Cruz KI, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Open descending thoracic or thoracoabdominal aortic approaches for complications of endovascular aortic procedures: 19-year experience. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2018 01; 155(1):10-18. PMID: [28939111](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28939111).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28939111/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  220. **Coselli JS** , Rosu C, Amarasekara HS, Green SY, Zhang Q, Price MD, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Reoperative surgery on the thoracoabdominal aorta. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2018 02; 155(2):474-485.e1. PMID: [28947195](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28947195).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28947195/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  221. Chen DW, Price MD, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Liou NE, [Ongkasuwan J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270251). Early versus late inpatient awake transcervical injection laryngoplasty after thoracic aortic repair. Laryngoscope. 2018 01; 128(1):144-147. PMID: [28688218](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28688218).

Citations:  Fields:

Oto Otolaryngology

Translation:Humans

  222. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS** , Mayor J, Simpson K, Carillo J, Price MD, [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Omer S, de la Cruz KI, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Jobe A. The Stent Is Not to Blame: Lessons Learned With a Simplified US Version of the Frozen Elephant Trunk. Ann Thorac Surg. 2017 Nov; 104(5):1456-1463. PMID: [28648532](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28648532).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28648532/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  223. Spiliotopoulos K, Price MD, Amarasekara HS, Green SY, Zhang Q, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Are outcomes of thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair different in men versus women? A propensity-matched comparison. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2017 10; 154(4):1203-1214.e6. PMID: [28668459](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28668459).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28668459/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  224. Dolapoglu A, Volguina IV, Price MD, Green SY, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Cardiac Arrhythmia After Open Thoracoabdominal Aortic Aneurysm Repair. Ann Thorac Surg. 2017 Sep; 104(3):854-860. PMID: [28433218](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28433218).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28433218/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  225. Spiliotopoulos K, de la Cruz KI, Gkotsis G, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. Repair of Intrapericardial Diaphragmatic Hernia during Aortic Surgery in a 78-Year-Old Woman. Tex Heart Inst J. 2017 Apr; 44(2):150-152. PMID: [28461805](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28461805); PMCID: [PMC5408633](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5408633).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28461805/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  226. **Coselli JS**. Go deep! Benefits of a deep freeze during distal aortic repair. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2017 08; 154(2):387-388. PMID: [28416333](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28416333).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  227. Curtis M, Deng Y, Lee VV, [Elayda MA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267966), **Coselli JS** , Collard CD, [Pan W](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267162). Effect of Dose and Timing of Preoperative Statins on Mortality After Coronary Artery Bypass Surgery. Ann Thorac Surg. 2017 Sep; 104(3):782-789. PMID: [28318515](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28318515).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28318515/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  228. [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), Mason MC, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), [Brandt ML](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267950), **Coselli JS** , [Curley SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3708901), [Mattox KL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267276), [Mills JL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/14348257), Sugarbaker DJ, Berger DA. The seven attributes of the academic surgeon: Critical aspects of the archetype and contributions to the surgical community. Am J Surg. 2017 Aug; 214(2):165-179. PMID: [28284432](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28284432).

Citations:
[9](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28284432/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  229. Wu D, Ren P, Zheng Y, Zhang L, Xu G, Xie W, Lloyd EE, Zhang S, Zhang Q, Curci JA, **Coselli JS** , Milewicz DM, Shen YH, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). NLRP3 (Nucleotide Oligomerization Domain-Like Receptor Family, Pyrin Domain Containing 3)-Caspase-1 Inflammasome Degrades Contractile Proteins: Implications for Aortic Biomechanical Dysfunction and Aneurysm and Dissection Formation. Arterioscler Thromb Vasc Biol. 2017 04; 37(4):694-706. PMID: [28153878](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28153878); PMCID: [PMC5364046](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5364046).

Citations:
[36](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28153878/citedby/) Fields:

Vas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansAnimalsCells

  230. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. Lack of blood supply, not atherosclerosis, kills the brain in aortic arch surgery. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2017 05; 153(5):1054-1055. PMID: [28238304](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28238304).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  231. AATS Surgical Treatment of Infective Endocarditis Consensus Guidelines Writing Committee Chairs, **Coselli JS** , Writing Committee, Hussain ST, Griffin B, Blackstone EH, Gordon SM, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Woc-Colburn LE, Pettersson GB, Pettersson GB. 2016 The American Association for Thoracic Surgery (AATS) consensus guidelines: Surgical treatment of infective endocarditis: Executive summary. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2017 06; 153(6):1241-1258.e29. PMID: [28365016](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28365016).

Citations:
[78](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28365016/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  232. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS** , Akvan S, Kashyap SA, Garcia A, Simpson KH, Price MD, Mayor J, de la Cruz KI, [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Omer S, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Haywood-Watson RJ, Rammou A. The impact of temperature in aortic arch surgery patients receiving antegrade cerebral perfusion for >30?minutes: How relevant is it really? J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2017 04; 153(4):767-776. PMID: [28087112](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28087112).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28087112/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  233. **Coselli JS** , Weisel RD. Introduction to the 2016 Aortic Symposium Supplement. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2017 02; 153(2):S2. PMID: [28104202](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28104202).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  234. **Coselli JS**. History and Highlights of Cardiothoracic Surgery at Baylor College of Medicine. Semin Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2016 Autumn; 28(3):611-620. PMID: [28285665](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28285665).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  235. **Coselli JS** , Amarasekara HS, Green SY, Price MD, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), de la Cruz KI, Zhang Q, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Open Repair of Thoracoabdominal Aortic Aneurysm in Patients 50 Years Old and?Younger. Ann Thorac Surg. 2017 Jun; 103(6):1849-1857. PMID: [27938888](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27938888).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27938888/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  236. **Coselli JS**. Open repair with bad lungs? Don't hold your breath! J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2017 02; 153(2):S30-S31. PMID: [28104203](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28104203).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  237. Dolapoglu A, de la Cruz KI, **Coselli JS**. Management of a Mycotic Thoracoabdominal Aortic Aneurysm Involving the Celiac Artery. Tex Heart Inst J. 2016 Dec; 43(6):528-530. PMID: [28100975](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28100975); PMCID: [PMC5179161](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5179161).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28100975/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:HumansCells

  238. **Coselli JS**. Nuance need not be subtle. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2017 03; 153(3):e43-e44. PMID: [27939499](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27939499).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  239. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS** , Garcia A, Akvan S, Kashyap S, Simpson KH, Price MD, de la Cruz KI, Spiliotopoulos K, [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Omer S, Cooley DA. Aortic root surgery with circulatory arrest: Predictors of prolonged postoperative hospital stay. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2017 03; 153(3):511-518. PMID: [27964981](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27964981).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27964981/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  240. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS** , Price MD, Simpson KH, Yafei O, de la Cruz KI, Zhang Q, Green S. Elective primary aortic root replacement with and without hemiarch repair in patients with no previous cardiac surgery. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2017 06; 153(6):1402-1408. PMID: [27939498](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27939498).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27939498/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  241. Reardon MJ, [Kleiman NS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267822), Adams DH, Yakubov SJ, **Coselli JS** , Deeb GM, O'Hair D, Gleason TG, Lee JS, Hermiller JB, Chetcuti S, Heiser J, Merhi W, Zorn GL, Tadros P, Robinson N, Petrossian G, Hughes GC, Harrison JK, Maini B, Mumtaz M, Conte JV, Resar JR, Aharonian V, Pfeffer T, Oh JK, Huang J, Popma JJ. Outcomes in the Randomized CoreValve US Pivotal High Risk Trial in Patients With a Society of Thoracic Surgeons Risk Score of 7% or Less. JAMA Cardiol. 2016 11 01; 1(8):945-949. PMID: [27541162](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27541162).

Citations:
[14](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27541162/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  242. Omer S, [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Bakshi A, Rachlin E, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Petersen NJ, Pattakos G, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938). Incidence, Predictors, and Impact of Postoperative Atrial Fibrillation after Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting in Military Veterans. Tex Heart Inst J. 2016 Oct; 43(5):397-403. PMID: [27777519](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27777519); PMCID: [PMC5067029](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5067029).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27777519/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  243. Dolapoglu A, de la Cruz KI, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. Repair of Multiple Subclavian and Axillary Artery Aneurysms in a 58-Year-Old Man with Marfan Syndrome. Tex Heart Inst J. 2016 Oct; 43(5):428-429. PMID: [27777529](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27777529); PMCID: [PMC5067039](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5067039).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27777529/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  244. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS** , Garcia A, Kashyap S, Akvan S, Simpson KH, Price MD, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Omer S, de la Cruz KI, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Cooley DA. Moderate hypothermia at warmer temperatures is safe in elective proximal and total arch surgery: Results in 665 patients. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2017 05; 153(5):1011-1018. PMID: [27780578](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27780578).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27780578/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  245. Mussa FF, **Coselli JS** , Eagle KA. Feasibility of a proposed randomized trial in patients with uncomplicated descending thoracic aortic dissection: Results of worldwide survey. Am Heart J. 2016 Nov; 181:137-144. PMID: [27823685](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27823685).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27823685/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  246. Schechter M, Dougherty KG, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS** , D?ez JG. Transcatheter Aortic Valve-in-Valve Replacement Instead of a 4th Sternotomy in a 21-Year-Old Woman with Aortic Homograft Failure. Tex Heart Inst J. 2016 Aug; 43(4):334-7. PMID: [27547146](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27547146); PMCID: [PMC4979394](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4979394).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27547146/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  247. **Coselli JS**. Aortic root replacement, the "gold" standard: All that shines is not gold! J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2016 10; 152(4):956-7. PMID: [27542627](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27542627).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27542627/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  248. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. The solution is in the future, but hopefully it won't always be. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2016 11; 152(5):1289-1290. PMID: [27546564](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27546564).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  249. **Coselli JS**. Competition: Perspiration to inspiration "Aut inveniam viam aut faciam". J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2016 11; 152(5):1215-1222. PMID: [27650005](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27650005).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  250. **Coselli JS** , de la Cruz KI, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Weldon SA. Extent II Thoracoabdominal Aortic Aneurysm Repair: How I Do It. Semin Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2016 Summer; 28(2):221-237. PMID: [28043422](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28043422).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28043422/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  251. de la Cruz KI, Green SY, [Preventza OA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. Aortic Arch Replacement in Patients With Chronic Dissection: Special Considerations. Semin Cardiothorac Vasc Anesth. 2016 Dec; 20(4):314-321. PMID: [27418026](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27418026).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27418026/citedby/) Fields:

Ane Anesthesiology

Translation:Humans

  252. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. In pregnancy, aortic tissue is the issue. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2017 02; 153(2):S48-S49. PMID: [27474177](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27474177).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  253. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. Differential aspects of ascending thoracic aortic dissection and its treatment: the North American experience. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2016 Jul; 5(4):352-9. PMID: [27563548](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27563548); PMCID: [PMC4973132](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4973132).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27563548/citedby/)

  254. **Coselli JS** , Spiliotopoulos K, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), de la Cruz KI, Amarasekara H, Green SY. Open aortic surgery after thoracic endovascular aortic repair. Gen Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2016 Aug; 64(8):441-9. PMID: [27314956](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27314956).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27314956/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  255. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Garcia A, Kashyap SA, Akvan S, Cooley DA, Simpson K, Rammou A, Price MD, Omer S, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), **Coselli JS**. Moderate hypothermia =24 and =28?C with hypothermic circulatory arrest for proximal aortic operations in patients with previous cardiac surgery. Eur J Cardiothorac Surg. 2016 Nov; 50(5):949-954. PMID: [27190198](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27190198).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27190198/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  256. Zou S, Ren P, Zhang L, Azares AR, Zhang S, **Coselli JS** , Shen YH, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). AKT2 Promotes Bone Marrow Cell-Mediated Aortic Protection in Mice. Ann Thorac Surg. 2016 Jun; 101(6):2085-96. PMID: [27090732](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27090732); PMCID: [PMC4877213](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4877213).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27090732/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:AnimalsCells

  257. Romere C, Duerrschmid C, Bournat J, Constable P, Jain M, [Xia F](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009907), [Saha PK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265977), Del Solar M, Zhu B, York B, [Sarkar P](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37989525), Rendon DA, [Gaber MW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269276), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Milewicz DM, [Sutton VR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269795), [Butte NF](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267819), Moore DD, [Chopra AR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/7612580). Asprosin, a Fasting-Induced Glucogenic Protein Hormone. Cell. 2016 Apr 21; 165(3):566-79. PMID: [27087445](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27087445); PMCID: [PMC4852710](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4852710).

Citations:
[102](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27087445/citedby/)
Fields:

Cel Cell Biology

Translation:HumansAnimalsCells

  258. Deeb GM, Reardon MJ, Chetcuti S, Patel HJ, Grossman PM, Yakubov SJ, [Kleiman NS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267822), **Coselli JS** , Gleason TG, Lee JS, Hermiller JB, Heiser J, Merhi W, Zorn GL, Tadros P, Robinson N, Petrossian G, Hughes GC, Harrison JK, Maini B, Mumtaz M, Conte J, Resar J, Aharonian V, Pfeffer T, Oh JK, Qiao H, Adams DH, Popma JJ, CoreValve US Clinical Investigators. 3-Year Outcomes in High-Risk Patients Who Underwent Surgical or Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement. J Am Coll Cardiol. 2016 Jun 07; 67(22):2565-74. PMID: [27050187](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27050187).

Citations:
[72](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27050187/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  259. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. Type A aortic dissection in self-selected patients: What seems to fit a few does not fit all. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2016 Jun; 151(6):1593-4. PMID: [26971384](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26971384).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26971384/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  260. **Coselli JS** , de la Cruz KI. Risky Business or Acceptable Risk? Open Arch Repair After Coronary Artery Bypass Surgery. Semin Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2016; 28(1):36-7. PMID: [27568131](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27568131).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  261. **Coselli JS** , Green SY, Price MD, Hash JA, Ouyang Y, Volguina IV, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), de la Cruz KI, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Results of Open Surgical Repair in Patients With Marfan Syndrome and Distal Aortic Dissection. Ann Thorac Surg. 2016 Jun; 101(6):2193-201. PMID: [26876340](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26876340).

Citations:
[12](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26876340/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  262. Svensson LG, Gillinov AM, Weisel RD, Keshavjee S, Bacha EA, [Moon MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252), Cameron DE, Sugarbaker DJ, Adams DH, Gaynor JW, **Coselli JS** , Del Nido PJ, Jones D, Sundt TM, Cohn LH, Pomar JL, Lytle BW, Schaff HV. The American Association for Thoracic Surgery Consensus Guidelines: Reasons and purpose. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2016 Apr; 151(4):935-9.e1. PMID: [26892077](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26892077).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26892077/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  263. **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), de la Cruz KI, Cooley DA, Price MD, Stolz AP, Green SY, Arredondo CN, [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602). Outcomes of 3309 thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repairs. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2016 May; 151(5):1323-37. PMID: [26898979](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26898979).

Citations:
[58](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26898979/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  264. [Ghanta RK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872), Green SY, Price MD, Arredondo CC, Wainwright D, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), de la Cruz KI, Aftab M, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Midterm Survival and Quality of Life After Extent II Thoracoabdominal Aortic Repair in Marfan Syndrome. Ann Thorac Surg. 2016 Apr; 101(4):1402-9; discussion 1409. PMID: [26794897](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26794897).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26794897/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  265. **Coselli JS** , [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328). Options for arterial cannulation to provide antegrade cerebral perfusion: Everything old is new again. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2016 Apr; 151(4):1079-80. PMID: [26809425](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26809425).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  266. Pisklak PV, Lee VV, [Tolpin DA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269196), Collard CD, [Elayda MA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267966), **Coselli J** , [Pan W](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267162), Deng Y. Association Between Preoperative Aspirin-dosing Strategy and Mortality After Coronary Artery Bypass Graft Surgery. Ann Surg. 2015 Dec; 262(6):1150-6. PMID: [25361218](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25361218).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25361218/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  267. David TE, **Coselli JS** , Khoury GE, Miller DC, Svensson LG. Aortic Valve Repair. Semin Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2015; 27(3):271-87. PMID: [26708368](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26708368).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26708368/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  268. Oh JK, Little SH, Abdelmoneim SS, Reardon MJ, [Kleiman NS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267822), Lin G, Bach D, Gillam L, [Kar B](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266280), **Coselli J** , Sengupta PP, Grewal K, Chang J, Chang Y, Boulware M, Adams DH, Popma JJ, CoreValve U.S. Pivotal Trial Clinical Investigators. Regression of Paravalvular Aortic Regurgitation and Remodeling of Self-Expanding Transcatheter Aortic Valve: An Observation From the CoreValve U.S. Pivotal Trial. JACC Cardiovasc Imaging. 2015 Dec; 8(12):1364-1375. PMID: [26508386](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26508386).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26508386/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyDia Diagnostic ImagingVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  269. **Coselli JS**. It's time to get to the root of things. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2016 Feb; 151(2):291-3. PMID: [26478240](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26478240).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26478240/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  270. Yakubov SJ, Adams DH, Watson DR, Reardon MJ, [Kleiman NS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267822), Heimansohn D, Hermiller J, Hughes GC, Harrison JK, **Coselli J** , Diez J, Schreiber T, Gleason TG, Conte J, Deeb GM, Huang J, Oh J, Byrne T, Caskey M, Popma JJ, CoreValve United States Clinical Investigators. 2-Year Outcomes After Iliofemoral Self-Expanding Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement in Patients With Severe Aortic Stenosis Deemed Extreme Risk for Surgery. J Am Coll Cardiol. 2015 Sep 22; 66(12):1327-34. PMID: [26383718](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26383718).

Citations:
[13](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26383718/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  271. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Garcia A, Cooley DA, Haywood-Watson RJ, Simpson K, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Omer S, de la Cruz KI, Price MD, [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Total aortic arch replacement: A comparative study of zone 0 hybrid arch exclusion versus traditional open repair. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2015 Dec; 150(6):1591-8; discussion 1598-600. PMID: [26573355](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26573355).

Citations:
[17](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26573355/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  272. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. It Is Difficult to Compare Apples to Oranges: Acute and Chronic Type B Aortic Dissections, Complicated and Uncomplicated, Are Different and Should Be Treated as Such. Semin Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2015; 27(2):113-4. PMID: [26686434](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26686434).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansAnimals

  273. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. A complex procedure in the thoracic endovascular aortic repair era needs long-term follow-up to compete. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2015 Nov; 150(5):1166-7. PMID: [26365399](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26365399).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  274. **Coselli JS**. Descending thoracic and thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysms: "Busted". J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2015 Oct; 150(4):767-8. PMID: [26277470](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26277470).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  275. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Price MD, Simpson KH, Cooley DA, Pocock E, de la Cruz KI, Green SY, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), **Coselli JS**. Hemiarch and Total Arch Surgery in Patients With Previous Repair of Acute Type I Aortic Dissection. Ann Thorac Surg. 2015 Sep; 100(3):833-8. PMID: [26116478](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26116478).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26116478/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:HumansCTClinical Trials

  276. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Garcia A, Moeller K, Cooley DA, Gonzalez L, Cheong BY, Vunnamadalla K, **Coselli JS**. Retrograde Ascending Aortic Dissection After Thoracic Endovascular Aortic Repair for Distal Aortic Dissection or With Zone 0 Landing: Association, Risk Factors, and True Incidence. Ann Thorac Surg. 2015 Aug; 100(2):509-15. PMID: [26095103](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26095103).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26095103/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  277. Reardon MJ, Adams DH, [Kleiman NS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267822), Yakubov SJ, **Coselli JS** , Deeb GM, Gleason TG, Lee JS, Hermiller JB, Chetcuti S, Heiser J, Merhi W, Zorn GL, Tadros P, Robinson N, Petrossian G, Hughes GC, Harrison JK, Maini B, Mumtaz M, Conte JV, Resar JR, Aharonian V, Pfeffer T, Oh JK, Qiao H, Popma JJ. 2-Year Outcomes in Patients Undergoing Surgical or Self-Expanding Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement. J Am Coll Cardiol. 2015 Jul 14; 66(2):113-21. PMID: [26055947](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26055947).

Citations:
[93](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26055947/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  278. **Coselli JS**. For the arch: Where there is urine, there is hope. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2015 Jul; 150(1):134-5. PMID: [26126461](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26126461).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  279. **Coselli JS**. 50th Anniversary Landmark Commentary on Liotta D, Hallman GL, Milam JD, Cooley DA. Surgical treatment of acute dissecting aneurysm of the ascending aorta. Ann Thorac Surg 1971;12:582-92. Ann Thorac Surg. 2015 May; 99(5):1499. PMID: [25952189](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25952189).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  280. **Coselli JS**. In memoriam: Jimmy Frank Howell (1932?2014). Tex Heart Inst J. 2015 Apr; 42(2):100-2. PMID: [26054084](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26054084); PMCID: [PMC4382870](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4382870).

Citations:  Fields:

Car Cardiology

  281. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. Saccular Aneurysms of the Transverse Aortic Arch: Treatment Options Available in the Endovascular EraBased on a Presentation at the 2013 VEITH Symposium, November 19-23, 2013 (New York, NY, USA). Aorta (Stamford). 2015 Apr; 3(2):61-6. PMID: [26798759](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26798759); PMCID: [PMC4686351](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4686351).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26798759/citedby/)

  282. **Coselli JS** , Green SY. Aortic arch repair today: open repair is best for most arch lesions. J Cardiovasc Surg (Torino). 2015 Aug; 56(4):531-46. PMID: [25752255](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25752255).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25752255/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  283. Montalcino Aortic Consortium, Regalado ES, Guo DC, Prakash S, Bensend TA, Flynn K, Estrera A, Safi H, Liang D, Hyland J, Child A, Arno G, Boileau C, Jondeau G, Braverman A, Moran R, Morisaki T, Morisaki H, Pyeritz R, **Coselli J** , [LeMaire S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Milewicz DM. Aortic Disease Presentation and Outcome Associated With ACTA2 Mutations. Circ Cardiovasc Genet. 2015 Jun; 8(3):457-64. PMID: [25759435](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25759435); PMCID: [PMC4601641](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4601641).

Citations:
[37](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25759435/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen GeneticsVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  284. **Coselli JS** , [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328). More than one way to skin a cat. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2015 Jun; 149(6):e96-7. PMID: [26060016](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26060016).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  285. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), **Coselli JS**. Combined transcatheter aortic valve replacement and endovascular ascending aortic repair: Fiction or reality? J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2015 Apr; 149(4):e61. PMID: [25906736](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25906736).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  286. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Garcia A, Tuluca A, Henry M, Cooley DA, Simpson K, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Omer S, **Coselli JS**. Innominate artery cannulation for proximal aortic surgery: outcomes and neurological events in 263 patients. Eur J Cardiothorac Surg. 2015 Dec; 48(6):937-42; discussion 942. PMID: [25646398](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25646398).

Citations:
[8](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25646398/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  287. Aftab M, **Coselli JS**. Reprint of: Renal and visceral protection in thoracoabdominal aortic surgery. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2015 Feb; 149(2 Suppl):S130-3. PMID: [25726074](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25726074).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  288. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Garcia A, Cooley DA, Tuluca A, Simpson KH, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Omer S, [Cornwell L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), **Coselli JS**. Reprint of: Reoperations on the total aortic arch in 119 patients: short- and mid-term outcomes, focusing on composite adverse outcomes and survival analysis. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2015 Feb; 149(2 Suppl):S59-64. PMID: [25726080](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25726080).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25726080/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

  289. El-Sayed Ahmed MM, Aftab M, Al-Najjar RM, de la Cruz KI, [Lerner SP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267959), **Coselli JS**. Renal cell carcinoma extending into the retrohepatic inferior vena cava. Tex Heart Inst J. 2014 Dec; 41(6):671-2. PMID: [25593540](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25593540); PMCID: [PMC4251347](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4251347).

Citations:  Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  290. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Simpson KH, Cooley DA, [Cornwell L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Omer S, Rodriguez V, de la Cruz KI, [Rosengart T](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), **Coselli JS**. Unilateral versus bilateral cerebral perfusion for acute type A aortic dissection. Ann Thorac Surg. 2015 Jan; 99(1):80-7. PMID: [25442989](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25442989).

Citations:
[14](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25442989/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  291. **Coselli JS**. Acute ascending aortic dissection: support for limited distal repair. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2014 Nov; 148(5):2123-4. PMID: [25444190](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25444190).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  292. Aftab M, Songdechakraiwut T, Green SY, Zarda S, Price MD, Nalty CC, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), de la Cruz KI, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Contemporary outcomes of open thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair in octogenarians. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2015 Feb; 149(2 Suppl):S134-41. PMID: [25439781](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25439781).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25439781/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  293. Henry MJ, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Cooley DA, de la Cruz KI, **Coselli JS**. Left ventricular aneurysm repair with use of a bovine pericardial patch. Tex Heart Inst J. 2014 Aug; 41(4):407-10. PMID: [25120394](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25120394); PMCID: [PMC4120504](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4120504).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25120394/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:HumansAnimals

  294. **Coselli JS** , Green SY, Zarda S, Nalty CC, Price MD, Hughes MS, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), de la Cruz KI, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Outcomes of open distal aortic aneurysm repair in patients with chronic DeBakey type I dissection. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2014 Dec; 148(6):2986-93.e1-2. PMID: [25212053](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25212053).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25212053/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  295. Wu D, **Coselli JS** , [Johnson ML](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268978), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Hepatopancreaticobiliary Values after Thoracoabdominal Aneurysm Repair. Aorta (Stamford). 2014 Aug; 2(4):135-42. PMID: [26798731](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26798731); PMCID: [PMC4682725](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4682725).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26798731/citedby/)

  296. Reardon MJ, Adams DH, **Coselli JS** , Deeb GM, [Kleiman NS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267822), Chetcuti S, Yakubov SJ, Heimansohn D, Hermiller J, Hughes GC, Harrison JK, Khabbaz K, Tadros P, Zorn GL, Merhi W, Heiser J, Petrossian G, Robinson N, Maini B, Mumtaz M, Lee JS, Gleason TG, Resar J, Conte J, Watson D, Chenoweth S, Popma JJ, CoreValve US Clinical Investigators. Self-expanding transcatheter aortic valve replacement using alternative access sites in symptomatic patients with severe aortic stenosis deemed extreme risk of surgery. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2014 Dec; 148(6):2869-76.e1-7. PMID: [25152474](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25152474).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25152474/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  297. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Garcia A, Cooley DA, Tuluca A, Simpson KH, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Omer S, [Cornwell L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), **Coselli JS**. Reoperations on the total aortic arch in 119 patients: short- and mid-term outcomes, focusing on composite adverse outcomes and survival analysis. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2014 Dec; 148(6):2967-72. PMID: [25152482](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25152482).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25152482/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  298. Aftab M, **Coselli JS**. Renal and visceral protection in thoracoabdominal aortic surgery. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2014 Dec; 148(6):2963-6. PMID: [25135232](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25135232).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25135232/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  299. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Mohamed AS, Cooley DA, Rodriguez V, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Omer S, **Coselli JS**. Homograft use in reoperative aortic root and proximal aortic surgery for endocarditis: A 12-year experience in high-risk patients. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2014 Sep; 148(3):989-94. PMID: [25043866](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25043866).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25043866/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  300. Yan TD, Tian DH, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Hughes GC, Chen EP, Misfeld M, Griepp RB, Kazui T, Bannon PG, **Coselli JS** , Elefteriades JA, Kouchoukos NT, Underwood MJ, Mathew JP, Mohr FW, Oo A, Sundt TM, Bavaria JE, Di Bartolomeo R, Di Eusanio M, Trimarchi S, International Aortic Arch Surgery Study Group. Standardizing clinical end points in aortic arch surgery: a consensus statement from the International Aortic Arch Surgery Study Group. Circulation. 2014 Apr 15; 129(15):1610-6. PMID: [24733540](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24733540).

Citations:
[22](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24733540/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  301. **Coselli JS** , Green SY. Innovation and instrumentation: endovascular repair of the aortic arch. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2014 Oct; 148(4):1717-8. PMID: [24768098](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24768098).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24768098/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  302. Albini P, [Barshes NR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269878), Russell L, Wu D, **Coselli JS** , [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198), Allison PM, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). D-dimer levels remain elevated in acute aortic dissection after 24?h. J Surg Res. 2014 Sep; 191(1):58-63. PMID: [24791646](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24791646).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24791646/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  303. Matos JM, de la Cruz KI, Ouzounian M, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Endovascular repair as a bridge to surgical repair of an aortobronchial fistula complicating chronic residual aortic dissection. Tex Heart Inst J. 2014 Apr; 41(2):198-202. PMID: [24808784](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24808784); PMCID: [PMC4004497](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4004497).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24808784/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  304. Adams DH, Popma JJ, Reardon MJ, Yakubov SJ, **Coselli JS** , Deeb GM, Gleason TG, Buchbinder M, Hermiller J, [Kleiman NS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267822), Chetcuti S, Heiser J, Merhi W, Zorn G, Tadros P, Robinson N, Petrossian G, Hughes GC, Harrison JK, Conte J, Maini B, Mumtaz M, Chenoweth S, Oh JK, U.S. CoreValve Clinical Investigators. Transcatheter aortic-valve replacement with a self-expanding prosthesis. N Engl J Med. 2014 May 08; 370(19):1790-8. PMID: [24678937](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24678937).

Citations:
[483](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24678937/citedby/)
Fields:

Med Medicine (General)

Translation:Humans

  305. Popma JJ, Adams DH, Reardon MJ, Yakubov SJ, [Kleiman NS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267822), Heimansohn D, Hermiller J, Hughes GC, Harrison JK, **Coselli J** , Diez J, Kafi A, Schreiber T, Gleason TG, Conte J, Buchbinder M, Deeb GM, Serruys PW, Chenoweth S, Oh JK, CoreValve United States Clinical Investigators, Carabello B. Transcatheter aortic valve replacement using a self-expanding bioprosthesis in patients with severe aortic stenosis at extreme risk for surgery. J Am Coll Cardiol. 2014 May 20; 63(19):1972-81. PMID: [24657695](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24657695).

Citations:
[184](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24657695/citedby/)
Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:HumansCTClinical Trials

  306. Zhang X, Wu D, Choi JC, [Minard CG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267444), Hou X, **Coselli JS** , Shen YH, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Matrix metalloproteinase levels in chronic thoracic aortic dissection. J Surg Res. 2014 Jun 15; 189(2):348-58. PMID: [24746253](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24746253); PMCID: [PMC4065027](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4065027).

Citations:
[23](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24746253/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  307. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Henry MJ, Cheong BY, **Coselli JS**. Endovascular repair of the ascending aorta: when and how to implement the current technology. Ann Thorac Surg. 2014 May; 97(5):1555-60. PMID: [24518571](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24518571).

Citations:
[13](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24518571/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  308. **Coselli JS** , Volguina IV, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Sundt TM, Connolly HM, Stephens EH, Schaff HV, Milewicz DM, Vricella LA, Dietz HC, [Minard CG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267444), Miller DC, Aortic Valve Operative Outcomes?in?Marfan Patients Study Group. Early and 1-year outcomes of aortic root surgery in patients with Marfan syndrome: a prospective, multicenter, comparative study. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2014 Jun; 147(6):1758-66, 1767.e1-4. PMID: [24655904](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24655904).

Citations:
[27](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24655904/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  309. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Mohammed S, Cheong BY, Gonzalez L, Ouzounian M, [Livesay JJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267355), Cooley DA, **Coselli JS**. Endovascular therapy in patients with genetically triggered thoracic aortic disease: applications and short- and mid-term outcomes. Eur J Cardiothorac Surg. 2014 Aug; 46(2):248-53; discussion 253. PMID: [24477738](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24477738).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24477738/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  310. [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Shroyer AL, Gammie JS, Sabik JF, [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), **Coselli JS** , [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), O'Brien SM, Wallace A, Shahian DM, Grover FL, Puskas JD. Trends in use of off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting: Results from the Society of Thoracic Surgeons Adult Cardiac Surgery Database. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2014 Sep; 148(3):856-3, 864.e1; discussion 863-4. PMID: [25043865](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25043865).

Citations:
[14](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25043865/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  311. **Coselli JS** , Hughes MS, Green SY, Price MD, Zarda S, de la Cruz KI, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Valve-sparing aortic root replacement: early and midterm outcomes in 83 patients. Ann Thorac Surg. 2014 Apr; 97(4):1267-73; discussion 1273-4. PMID: [24424011](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24424011).

Citations:
[9](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24424011/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  312. Yan TD, Tian DH, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Misfeld M, Elefteriades JA, Chen EP, Hughes GC, Kazui T, Griepp RB, Kouchoukos NT, Bannon PG, Underwood MJ, Mohr FW, Oo A, Sundt TM, Bavaria JE, Di Bartolomeo R, Di Eusanio M, Roselli EE, Beyersdorf F, Carrel TP, Corvera JS, Della Corte A, Ehrlich M, Hoffman A, Jakob H, Matalanis G, Numata S, Patel HJ, Pochettino A, Safi HJ, Estrera A, Perreas KG, Sinatra R, Trimarchi S, Sun LZ, Tabata M, Wang C, Haverich A, Shrestha M, Okita Y, **Coselli J**. The ARCH Projects: design and rationale (IAASSG 001). Eur J Cardiothorac Surg. 2014 Jan; 45(1):10-6. PMID: [24296985](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24296985).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24296985/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  313. Wu D, Choi JC, Sameri A, [Minard CG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267444), **Coselli JS** , Shen YH, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Inflammatory Cell Infiltrates in Acute and Chronic Thoracic Aortic Dissection. Aorta (Stamford). 2013 Dec; 1(6):259-67. PMID: [26798703](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26798703); PMCID: [PMC4682718](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4682718).

Citations:
[18](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26798703/citedby/)

  314. Albini PT, Segura AM, Liu G, [Minard CG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267444), **Coselli JS** , Milewicz DM, Shen YH, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Advanced atherosclerosis is associated with increased medial degeneration in sporadic ascending aortic aneurysms. Atherosclerosis. 2014 Feb; 232(2):361-8. PMID: [24468149](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24468149).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24468149/citedby/) Fields:

Vas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansCells

  315. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Cervera R, Cooley DA, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Mohamed AS, Cheong BY, [Cornwell L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Simpson KH, **Coselli JS**. Acute type I aortic dissection: traditional versus hybrid repair with antegrade stent delivery to the descending thoracic aorta. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2014 Jul; 148(1):119-25. PMID: [24041767](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24041767).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24041767/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  316. Marshall LM, Carlson EJ, O'Malley J, Snyder CK, Charbonneau NL, Hayflick SJ, **Coselli JS** , [Lemaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Sakai LY. Thoracic aortic aneurysm frequency and dissection are associated with fibrillin-1 fragment concentrations in circulation. Circ Res. 2013 Oct 25; 113(10):1159-68. PMID: [24036495](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24036495).

Citations:
[14](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24036495/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  317. Kunkala MR, Schaff HV, Li Z, Volguina I, Dietz HC, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Connolly H. Mitral valve disease in patients with Marfan syndrome undergoing aortic root replacement. Circulation. 2013 Sep 10; 128(11 Suppl 1):S243-7. PMID: [24030414](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24030414).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24030414/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  318. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Al-Najjar R, [Lemaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Weldon S, **Coselli JS**. Total arch replacement with frozen elephant trunk technique. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2013 Sep; 2(5):649-52. PMID: [24109576](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24109576); PMCID: [PMC3791205](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3791205).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24109576/citedby/)

  319. Guo DC, Regalado E, Casteel DE, Santos-Cortez RL, Gong L, Kim JJ, Dyack S, Horne SG, Chang G, Jondeau G, Boileau C, **Coselli JS** , Li Z, Leal SM, Shendure J, Rieder MJ, Bamshad MJ, Nickerson DA, GenTAC Registry Consortium, National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Grand Opportunity Exome Sequencing Project, [Kim C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266336), Milewicz DM. Recurrent gain-of-function mutation in PRKG1 causes thoracic aortic aneurysms and acute aortic dissections. Am J Hum Genet. 2013 Aug 08; 93(2):398-404. PMID: [23910461](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23910461); PMCID: [PMC3738837](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3738837).

Citations:
[90](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23910461/citedby/) Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:HumansCells

  320. Gopaldas RR, Chu D, [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Dao TK, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938). Cirrhosis as a moderator of outcomes in coronary artery bypass grafting and off-pump coronary artery bypass operations: a 12-year population-based study. Ann Thorac Surg. 2013 Oct; 96(4):1310-1315. PMID: [23891409](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23891409).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23891409/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  321. Wu D, [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198), Russell L, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Molecular mechanisms of thoracic aortic dissection. J Surg Res. 2013 Oct; 184(2):907-24. PMID: [23856125](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23856125); PMCID: [PMC3788606](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3788606).

Citations:
[70](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23856125/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:HumansCells

  322. **Coselli JS**. My heroes have always been cowboys. Ann Thorac Surg. 2013 Jun; 95(6):1847-54. PMID: [23706419](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23706419).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  323. [Alam M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268798), [Virani SS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268389), Shahzad SA, Siddiqui S, Siddiqui KH, Mumtaz SA, [Kleiman NS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267822), **Coselli JS** , Lakkis NM, Jneid H. Comparison by meta-analysis of percutaneous coronary intervention versus coronary artery bypass grafting in patients with a mean age of =70 years. Am J Cardiol. 2013 Sep 01; 112(5):615-22. PMID: [23726179](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23726179).

Citations:
[8](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23726179/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  324. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [Livesay JJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267355), Cooley DA, [Krajcer Z](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266698), Cheong BY, **Coselli JS**. Coarctation-associated aneurysms: a localized disease or diffuse aortopathy. Ann Thorac Surg. 2013 Jun; 95(6):1961-7; discussion 1967. PMID: [23643549](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23643549).

Citations:
[12](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23643549/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  325. [Alam M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268798), Bandeali SJ, [Kayani WT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010153), Ahmad W, Shahzad SA, Jneid H, [Birnbaum Y](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265899), [Kleiman NS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267822), **Coselli JS** , [Ballantyne CM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266404), Lakkis N, [Virani SS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268389). Comparison by meta-analysis of mortality after isolated coronary artery bypass grafting in women versus men. Am J Cardiol. 2013 Aug 01; 112(3):309-17. PMID: [23642381](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23642381).

Citations:
[25](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23642381/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  326. Tian DH, Wan B, Bannon PG, Misfeld M, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Kazui T, Kouchoukos NT, Elefteriades JA, Bavaria JE, **Coselli JS** , Griepp RB, Mohr FW, Oo A, Svensson LG, Hughes GC, Underwood MJ, Chen EP, Sundt TM, Yan TD. A meta-analysis of deep hypothermic circulatory arrest alone versus with adjunctive selective antegrade cerebral perfusion. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2013 May; 2(3):261-70. PMID: [23977593](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23977593); PMCID: [PMC3741855](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3741855).

Citations:
[13](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23977593/citedby/)

  327. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Weldon SA, **Coselli JS**. Total aortic arch replacement: current approach using the trifurcated graft technique. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2013 May; 2(3):347-52. PMID: [23977604](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23977604); PMCID: [PMC3741858](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3741858).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23977604/citedby/)

  328. [Tsai JY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583144), [Pan W](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267162), [Lemaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Pisklak P, Lee VV, [Bracey AW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270289), [Elayda MA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267966), [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Price MD, Collard CD, **Coselli JS**. Moderate hypothermia during aortic arch surgery is associated with reduced risk of early mortality. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2013 Sep; 146(3):662-7. PMID: [23558304](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23558304).

Citations:
[21](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23558304/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  329. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Cervera RD, **Coselli JS**. Deployment of proximal thoracic endograft in zone 0 of the ascending aorta: treatment options and early outcomes for aortic arch aneurysms in a high-risk population. Eur J Cardiothorac Surg. 2013 Sep; 44(3):446-52; discussion 452-3. PMID: [23515170](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23515170).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23515170/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  330. Tian DH, Wan B, Bannon PG, Misfeld M, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Kazui T, Kouchoukos NT, Elefteriades JA, Bavaria J, **Coselli JS** , Griepp RB, Mohr FW, Oo A, Svensson LG, Hughes GC, Yan TD. A meta-analysis of deep hypothermic circulatory arrest versus moderate hypothermic circulatory arrest with selective antegrade cerebral perfusion. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2013 Mar; 2(2):148-58. PMID: [23977575](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23977575); PMCID: [PMC3741839](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3741839).

Citations:
[39](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23977575/citedby/)

  331. Yan TD, Bannon PG, Bavaria J, **Coselli JS** , Elefteriades JA, Griepp RB, Hughes GC, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Kazui T, Kouchoukos NT, Misfeld M, Mohr FW, Oo A, Svensson LG, Tian DH. Consensus on hypothermia in aortic arch surgery. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2013 Mar; 2(2):163-8. PMID: [23977577](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23977577); PMCID: [PMC3741830](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3741830).

Citations:
[46](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23977577/citedby/)

  332. Youngblood SC, [Tolpin DA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269196), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Lee VV, Cooper JR. Complications of cerebrospinal fluid drainage after thoracic aortic surgery: a review of 504 patients over 5 years. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2013 Jul; 146(1):166-71. PMID: [23434451](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23434451).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23434451/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  333. **Coselli JS**. Update on repairs of the thoracoabdominal aorta. Tex Heart Inst J. 2013; 40(5):572-4. PMID: [24391325](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24391325); PMCID: [PMC3853816](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3853816).

Citations:  Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:HumansAnimals

  334. Ouzounian M, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Open aortic arch repair: state-of-the-art and future perspectives. Semin Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2013; 25(2):107-15. PMID: [24216527](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24216527).

Citations:
[12](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24216527/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  335. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Aftab M, **Coselli JS**. Hybrid techniques for complex aortic arch surgery. Tex Heart Inst J. 2013; 40(5):568-71. PMID: [24391324](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24391324); PMCID: [PMC3853841](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3853841).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24391324/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  336. **Coselli JS** , Green SY, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). What can we learn from mother?: aortic pathology predicts midterm outcome. Circulation. 2013 Jan 01; 127(1):5-7. PMID: [23283853](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23283853).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  337. Zou S, Ren P, Nguyen M, **Coselli JS** , [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Notch signaling in descending thoracic aortic aneurysm and dissection. PLoS One. 2012; 7(12):e52833. PMID: [23300792](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23300792); PMCID: [PMC3530510](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3530510).

Citations:
[16](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23300792/citedby/) Fields:

Med Medicine (General)Sci Science

Translation:HumansCells

  338. **Coselli JS** , Green SY. A brief history of aortic surgery: insight into distal aortic repair. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2013 Mar; 145(3 Suppl):S123-5. PMID: [23267523](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23267523).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23267523/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  339. [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Stephens EH, Trocciola SM, de la Cruz KI, **Coselli JS**. Innominate artery cannulation: an alternative to femoral or axillary cannulation for arterial inflow in proximal aortic surgery. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2013 Mar; 145(3 Suppl):S191-6. PMID: [23260457](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23260457).

Citations:
[15](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23260457/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  340. [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198), Zhang L, Ren P, Nguyen MT, Zou S, Wu D, Wang XL, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). AKT2 confers protection against aortic aneurysms and dissections. Circ Res. 2013 Feb 15; 112(4):618-32. PMID: [23250987](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23250987); PMCID: [PMC3586338](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3586338).

Citations:
[36](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23250987/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansAnimalsCells

  341. Ren P, Zhang L, Xu G, Palmero LC, Albini PT, **Coselli JS** , [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). ADAMTS-1 and ADAMTS-4 levels are elevated in thoracic aortic aneurysms and dissections. Ann Thorac Surg. 2013 Feb; 95(2):570-7. PMID: [23245439](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23245439); PMCID: [PMC3593585](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3593585).

Citations:
[38](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23245439/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  342. Cajipe MD, Chu D, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), [Casal RF](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18883222), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215). Video-assisted thoracoscopic lobectomy is associated with better perioperative outcomes than open lobectomy in a veteran population. Am J Surg. 2012 Nov; 204(5):607-12. PMID: [22959921](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22959921).

Citations:
[13](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22959921/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  343. Liao JM, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Simpson K, [Lemaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Chu D. Nationwide trends and regional/hospital variations in open versus endovascular repair of thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysms. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2012 Sep; 144(3):612-6. PMID: [22898505](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22898505).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22898505/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  344. de la Cruz KI, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Weldon SA, **Coselli JS**. Thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair with a branched graft. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2012 Sep; 1(3):381-93. PMID: [23977524](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23977524); PMCID: [PMC3741776](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3741776).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23977524/citedby/)

  345. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Price MD, Green SY, Zarda S, **Coselli JS**. Results of open thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2012 Sep; 1(3):286-92. PMID: [23977510](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23977510); PMCID: [PMC3741780](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3741780).

Citations:
[31](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23977510/citedby/)

  346. **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Weldon SA. Extent II repair of thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm secondary to chronic dissection. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2012 Sep; 1(3):394-7. PMID: [23977525](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23977525); PMCID: [PMC3741775](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3741775).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23977525/citedby/)

  347. Yechoor P, Blaustein AS, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Chu D. The natural history of moderate aortic stenosis in a veteran population. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2013 Jun; 145(6):1550-3. PMID: [22664178](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22664178).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22664178/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  348. Choi JC, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Dao TK, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Chu D. Morbid obesity is associated with increased resource utilization in coronary artery bypass grafting. Ann Thorac Surg. 2012 Jul; 94(1):23-8; discussion 28. PMID: [22607785](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22607785).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22607785/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  349. Cervera R, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Wang XL, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Chu D. Impact of functional status on survival after coronary artery bypass grafting in a veteran population. Ann Thorac Surg. 2012 Jun; 93(6):1950-4; discussion 1954-5. PMID: [22560262](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22560262).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22560262/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  350. Stephens EH, [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Simpson KH, Chu D, **Coselli JS** , Holman WL, [Vaporciyan AA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582580), Merrill WH, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938). Perceptions and expectations of cardiothoracic residents and attending surgeons. J Surg Res. 2012 Oct; 177(2):e45-52. PMID: [22531676](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22531676).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22531676/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  351. [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198), Hu X, Zou S, Wu D, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Stem cells in thoracic aortic aneurysms and dissections: potential contributors to aortic repair. Ann Thorac Surg. 2012 May; 93(5):1524-33. PMID: [22440369](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22440369); PMCID: [PMC3423336](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3423336).

Citations:
[12](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22440369/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:HumansCells

  352. Stephens EH, [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Sarateanu CS, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Emergent pectus excavatum repair after aortic root replacement in Marfan patient. J Card Surg. 2012 Mar; 27(2):222-4. PMID: [22458279](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22458279).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22458279/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  353. Bhamidipati CM, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). BioGlue in 2011: what is its role in cardiac surgery? J Extra Corpor Technol. 2012 Mar; 44(1):P6-12. PMID: [22730865](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22730865); PMCID: [PMC4557450](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4557450).

Citations:
[15](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22730865/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryHea Health Services ResearchTec Technology

Translation:Humans

  354. Bhamidipati CM, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Perfusion techniques for renal protection during thoracoabdominal aortic surgery. J Extra Corpor Technol. 2012 Mar; 44(1):P31-7. PMID: [22730870](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22730870); PMCID: [PMC4557445](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4557445).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22730870/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryHea Health Services ResearchTec Technology

Translation:Humans

  355. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Green SY, Kim JH, Sameri A, Parenti JL, [Lin PH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269962), Huh J, **Coselli JS**. Thoracic or thoracoabdominal approaches to endovascular device removal and open aortic repair. Ann Thorac Surg. 2012 Mar; 93(3):726-32; discussion 733. PMID: [22364967](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22364967).

Citations:
[8](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22364967/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  356. de la Cruz KI, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Open aortic arch replacement: a technical odyssey. J Extra Corpor Technol. 2012 Mar; 44(1):P42-7. PMID: [22730872](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22730872); PMCID: [PMC4557447](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4557447).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22730872/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryHea Health Services ResearchTec Technology

Translation:Humans

  357. [Lin PH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269962), Kougias P, Bechara CF, Weakley SM, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), [Lemaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Clinical outcome of staged versus combined treatment approach of hybrid repair of thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm with visceral vessel debranching and aortic endograft exclusion. Perspect Vasc Surg Endovasc Ther. 2012 Mar; 24(1):5-13. PMID: [22316552](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22316552).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22316552/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  358. **Coselli JS** , Green SY. Open aortic arch surgery: doomed to extinction? Tex Heart Inst J. 2012; 39(6):836-7. PMID: [23304026](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23304026); PMCID: [PMC3528245](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3528245).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23304026/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  359. **Coselli JS**. 2012 joint session of the DeBakey and Cooley Societies. Tex Heart Inst J. 2012; 39(6):819. PMID: [23304020](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23304020); PMCID: [PMC3528211](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3528211).

Citations:  Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  360. [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Chu D, Misselbeck T, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Huh J, [Sansgiry S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265828), **Coselli JS** , [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938). Predicting mortality in high-risk coronary artery bypass: surgeon versus risk model. J Surg Res. 2012 May 15; 174(2):185-91. PMID: [22079838](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22079838).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22079838/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  361. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), McDonald ML, Guo DC, Russell L, Miller CC, Johnson RJ, [Bekheirnia MR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267181), Franco LM, Nguyen M, Pyeritz RE, Bavaria JE, Devereux R, Maslen C, Holmes KW, Eagle K, Body SC, Seidman C, Seidman JG, Isselbacher EM, Bray M, **Coselli JS** , Estrera AL, Safi HJ, [Belmont JW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267229), Leal SM, Milewicz DM. Genome-wide association study identifies a susceptibility locus for thoracic aortic aneurysms and aortic dissections spanning FBN1 at 15q21.1. Nat Genet. 2011 Sep 11; 43(10):996-1000. PMID: [21909107](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21909107); PMCID: [PMC3244938](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3244938).

Citations:
[78](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21909107/citedby/) Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:HumansCells

  362. Gopaldas RR, Dao TK, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Huh J, **Coselli JS**. Endovascular versus open repair of ruptured descending thoracic aortic aneurysms: a nationwide risk-adjusted study of 923 patients. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2011 Nov; 142(5):1010-8. PMID: [21907356](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21907356).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21907356/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  363. Gopaldas RR, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Dao TK, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Huh J, Chu D. Outcomes of concomitant aortic valve replacement and coronary artery bypass grafting at teaching hospitals versus nonteaching hospitals. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2012 Mar; 143(3):648-55. PMID: [21719032](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21719032).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21719032/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  364. Kuang SQ, Guo DC, Prakash SK, McDonald ML, Johnson RJ, Wang M, Regalado ES, Russell L, Cao JM, Kwartler C, Fraivillig K, **Coselli JS** , Safi HJ, Estrera AL, Leal SM, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), [Belmont JW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267229), Milewicz DM, GenTAC Investigators. Recurrent chromosome 16p13.1 duplications are a risk factor for aortic dissections. PLoS Genet. 2011 Jun; 7(6):e1002118. PMID: [21698135](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21698135); PMCID: [PMC3116911](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3116911).

Citations:
[50](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21698135/citedby/) Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:HumansCells

  365. Gopaldas RR, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Chu D, **Coselli JS** , Cooley DA. Why choose cardiothoracic surgery as a career? Heart Surg Forum. 2011 Jun; 14(3):E142-8. PMID: [21676678](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21676678).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  366. Wong DR, Parenti JL, Green SY, Chowdhary V, Liao JM, Zarda S, Huh J, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Open repair of thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm in the modern surgical era: contemporary outcomes in 509 patients. J Am Coll Surg. 2011 Apr; 212(4):569-79; discussion 579-81. PMID: [21463791](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21463791).

Citations:
[34](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21463791/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryGyn GynecologyObs Obstetrics

Translation:Humans

  367. Gopaldas RR, Chu D, Dao TK, Huh J, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Lin P, **Coselli JS** , [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938). Staged versus synchronous carotid endarterectomy and coronary artery bypass grafting: analysis of 10-year nationwide outcomes. Ann Thorac Surg. 2011 May; 91(5):1323-9; discussion 1329. PMID: [21457941](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21457941).

Citations:
[13](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21457941/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  368. [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Wang XL, Huh J, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Chu D, de la Cruz KI. Hypoalbuminemia and long-term survival after coronary artery bypass: a propensity score analysis. Ann Thorac Surg. 2011 Mar; 91(3):671-5. PMID: [21352977](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21352977).

Citations:
[21](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21352977/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  369. Price MD, Parenti JL, [Johnson ML](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268978), [Lay AD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/30445262), [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Huh J, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Early outcomes after aortic arch replacement by using the Y-graft technique. Ann Thorac Surg. 2011 Mar; 91(3):700-7; discussion 707-8. PMID: [21352982](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21352982).

Citations:
[19](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21352982/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  370. **Coselli JS** , Green SY, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). When stent-grafts fail: extraction and open surgical repair of the thoracic aorta. Tex Heart Inst J. 2011; 38(6):658-60. PMID: [22199427](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22199427); PMCID: [PMC3233344](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3233344).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22199427/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  371. Volguina IV, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Palmero LC, Miller DC, **Coselli JS**. Intraoperative conversion after surgical failure: an overlooked complication of aortic root replacement in Marfan patients? Tex Heart Inst J. 2011; 38(6):684-6. PMID: [22199436](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22199436); PMCID: [PMC3233342](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3233342).

Citations:  Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  372. Demirozu ZT, Ho J, Bogaev RC, [Lemaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Frazier OH. Thrombotic occlusion of an aortic-root xenograft during left ventricular assistance. Tex Heart Inst J. 2011; 38(1):66-7. PMID: [21423473](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21423473); PMCID: [PMC3060744](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3060744).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21423473/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  373. **Coselli JS**. Strategies for renal and visceral protection in thoracoabdominal aortic surgery. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2010 Dec; 140(6 Suppl):S147-9; discussion S185-S190. PMID: [21092783](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21092783).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21092783/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  374. Prakash SK, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Guo DC, Russell L, Regalado ES, Golabbakhsh H, Johnson RJ, Safi HJ, Estrera AL, **Coselli JS** , Bray MS, Leal SM, Milewicz DM, [Belmont JW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267229). Rare copy number variants disrupt genes regulating vascular smooth muscle cell adhesion and contractility in sporadic thoracic aortic aneurysms and dissections. Am J Hum Genet. 2010 Dec 10; 87(6):743-56. PMID: [21092924](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21092924); PMCID: [PMC2997376](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2997376).

Citations:
[46](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21092924/citedby/) Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:Humans

  375. [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Chu D, Huh J, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), [Cornwell L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), [Sansgiry S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265828), [Atluri PV](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269401), **Coselli JS**. Outcomes of circulatory arrest procedures for the treatment of thoracic aortic disease at a veterans facility. Am J Surg. 2010 Nov; 200(5):581-4. PMID: [21056132](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21056132).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21056132/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  376. [Cornwell LD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215), Chu D, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Huh J, [Sansgiry S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265828), **Coselli JS** , [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938). Surgical intervention for infective endocarditis in a veteran population. Am J Surg. 2010 Nov; 200(5):596-600. PMID: [21056135](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21056135).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  377. Gopaldas RR, Huh J, Dao TK, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Chu D, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), **Coselli JS**. Superior nationwide outcomes of endovascular versus open repair for isolated descending thoracic aortic aneurysm in 11,669 patients. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2010 Nov; 140(5):1001-10. PMID: [20951252](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20951252).

Citations:
[44](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20951252/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  378. Schwill S, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Green SY, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), **Coselli JS**. Endovascular repair of thoracic aortic pseudoaneurysms and patch aneurysms. J Vasc Surg. 2010 Oct; 52(4):1034-7. PMID: [20619593](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20619593).

Citations:
[11](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20619593/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  379. Wong DR, **Coselli JS** , Palmero L, Bozinovski J, Carter SA, Murariu D, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Axillary artery cannulation in surgery for acute or subacute ascending aortic dissections. Ann Thorac Surg. 2010 Sep; 90(3):731-7. PMID: [20732486](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20732486).

Citations:
[14](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20732486/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  380. **Coselli JS** , Gopaldas RR. Ruptured thoracic aneurysms: to stent or not to stent? Circulation. 2010 Jun 29; 121(25):2705-7. PMID: [20547924](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20547924).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20547924/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  381. **Coselli JS** , Tsai PI. Motor evoked potentials in thoracoabdominal aortic surgery: CON. Cardiol Clin. 2010 May; 28(2):361-8. PMID: [20452554](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20452554).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20452554/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  382. Jones MM, Akay M, Murariu D, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Safe aortic arch clamping in patients with patent internal thoracic artery grafts. Ann Thorac Surg. 2010 Apr; 89(4):e31-2. PMID: [20338300](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20338300).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20338300/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  383. [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Chu D, de la Cruz KI, Gopaldas RR, [Sansgiry S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265828), Huh J, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Berger DH, **Coselli JS**. Aortic valve replacement: mortality predictions of surgeons versus risk model. J Surg Res. 2010 Sep; 163(1):1-6. PMID: [20605597](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20605597).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20605597/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  384. Gopaldas RR, Chu D, Dao TK, Huh J, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938). Impact of ACGME work-hour restrictions on the outcomes of coronary artery bypass grafting in a cohort of 600,000 patients. J Surg Res. 2010 Oct; 163(2):201-9. PMID: [20605593](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20605593).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20605593/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  385. [Del Prete JC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268794), [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Dao TK, Huh J, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Chu D. The impact of obesity on long-term survival after coronary artery bypass grafting. J Surg Res. 2010 Sep; 163(1):7-11. PMID: [20452615](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20452615).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20452615/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  386. Brautbar A, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Franco LM, **Coselli JS** , Milewicz DM, [Belmont JW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267229). FBN1 mutations in patients with descending thoracic aortic dissections. Am J Med Genet A. 2010 Feb; 152A(2):413-6. PMID: [20082464](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20082464); PMCID: [PMC3593235](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3593235).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20082464/citedby/) Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:Humans

  387. [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Chu D, Ratcliffe M, Gopaldas RR, Blaustein AS, Venkat R, Huh J, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Carabello BA. Severe aortic stenosis in a veteran population: treatment considerations and survival. Ann Thorac Surg. 2010 Feb; 89(2):453-8. PMID: [20103320](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20103320).

Citations:
[9](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20103320/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  388. **Coselli JS**. Endovascular repair of aortic aneurysm: complications and mitigating strategies. Tex Heart Inst J. 2010; 37(6):669-71. PMID: [21224941](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21224941); PMCID: [PMC3014144](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3014144).

Citations:  Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  389. [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Chu D, Huh J, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Soltero ER, Petersen NJ, [Sansgiry S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265828), [Lin P](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269962), Kougias P, Shenaq S, **Coselli JS**. Contemporary outcomes of open thoracic aortic surgery in a veteran population: do risk models exaggerate mortality? Am J Surg. 2009 Dec; 198(6):889-94. PMID: [19969147](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19969147).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19969147/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  390. Villamizar C, Regalado ES, Fadulu VT, Hasham SN, Gupta P, Willing MC, Kuang SQ, Guo D, Muilenburg A, Yee RW, Fan Y, Towbin J, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Milewicz DM. Paucity of skeletal manifestations in Hispanic families with FBN1 mutations. Eur J Med Genet. 2010 Mar-Apr; 53(2):80-4. PMID: [19941982](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19941982); PMCID: [PMC4354948](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4354948).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19941982/citedby/) Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:Humans

  391. Dhaliwal AS, Chu D, Huh J, Ghadir M, [Sansgiry S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265828), [Atluri P](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269401), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938). Prognostic impact of intra-aortic balloon pump insertion before versus after cardiac surgical intervention in a veteran population. Am J Surg. 2009 Nov; 198(5):628-32. PMID: [19887190](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19887190).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19887190/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  392. Gopaldas RR, Chu D, Dao TK, Huh J, [Lemaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938). Predictors of surgical mortality and discharge status after coronary artery bypass grafting in patients 80 years and older. Am J Surg. 2009 Nov; 198(5):633-8. PMID: [19887191](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19887191).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19887191/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  393. Vazquez JA, **Coselli JS** , Dokainish H. Saphenous venous graft pseudoaneurysm masquerading as a liver mass. Can J Cardiol. 2009 Aug; 25(8):e292-3. PMID: [19668793](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19668793); PMCID: [PMC2732386](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2732386).

Citations:  Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  394. Li XN, Song J, Zhang L, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Hou X, Zhang C, **Coselli JS** , Chen L, Wang XL, Zhang Y, [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198). Activation of the AMPK-FOXO3 pathway reduces fatty acid-induced increase in intracellular reactive oxygen species by upregulating thioredoxin. Diabetes. 2009 Oct; 58(10):2246-57. PMID: [19592618](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19592618); PMCID: [PMC2750236](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2750236).

Citations:
[91](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19592618/citedby/) Fields:

End Endocrinology

Translation:HumansAnimalsCells

  395. [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Huh J, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , [Sansgiry S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265828), [Atluri PV](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269401), Chu D. The July effect: impact of the beginning of the academic cycle on cardiac surgical outcomes in a cohort of 70,616 patients. Ann Thorac Surg. 2009 Jul; 88(1):70-5. PMID: [19559195](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19559195).

Citations:
[18](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19559195/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  396. Chu D, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Dao TK, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Huh J. On-pump versus off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting in a cohort of 63,000 patients. Ann Thorac Surg. 2009 Jun; 87(6):1820-6; discussion 1826-7. PMID: [19463602](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19463602).

Citations:
[21](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19463602/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  397. [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Chu D, Chi C, [Lin PH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269962), Kougias P, Hawes L, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Huh J. Cardiac surgery in patients with major lower extremity amputation: a single institution experience. J Surg Res. 2009 Sep; 156(1):161-6. PMID: [19552921](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19552921).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  398. Omer S, Chu D, Huh J, **Coselli JS** , [Lemaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), [Sansgiry S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265828), [Kar B](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266280), Paniagua D, Carabello BA, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938). Outcomes of aortic valve replacement performed by residents in octogenarians. J Surg Res. 2009 Sep; 156(1):139-44. PMID: [19592019](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19592019).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19592019/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  399. Choi JC, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Huh J, Dao TK, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Chu D. Outcomes of coronary surgery at a Veterans Affairs hospital versus other hospitals. J Surg Res. 2009 Sep; 156(1):150-4. PMID: [19577261](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19577261).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19577261/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  400. Gopaldas RR, Huh J, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Wang XL, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Chu D. The impact of resident work-hour restrictions on outcomes of cardiac operations. J Surg Res. 2009 Dec; 157(2):268-74. PMID: [19555974](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19555974).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19555974/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  401. Volguina IV, Miller DC, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Palmero LC, Wang XL, Connolly HM, Sundt TM, Bavaria JE, Dietz HC, Milewicz DM, **Coselli JS** , Aortic Valve Operative Outcomes in Marfan Patients study group. Valve-sparing and valve-replacing techniques for aortic root replacement in patients with Marfan syndrome: Analysis of early outcome. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2009 May; 137(5):1124-32. PMID: [19379977](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19379977).

Citations:
[12](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19379977/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  402. Guo DC, Papke CL, Tran-Fadulu V, Regalado ES, Avidan N, Johnson RJ, Kim DH, Pannu H, Willing MC, Sparks E, Pyeritz RE, Singh MN, Dalman RL, Grotta JC, [Marian AJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268124), [Boerwinkle EA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689), Frazier LQ, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Estrera AL, Safi HJ, Veeraraghavan S, [Muzny DM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268028), [Wheeler DA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266937), Willerson JT, Yu RK, [Shete SS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583745), [Scherer SE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266857), Raman CS, Buja LM, Milewicz DM. Mutations in smooth muscle alpha-actin (ACTA2) cause coronary artery disease, stroke, and Moyamoya disease, along with thoracic aortic disease. Am J Hum Genet. 2009 May; 84(5):617-27. PMID: [19409525](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19409525); PMCID: [PMC2680995](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2680995).

Citations:
[170](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19409525/citedby/)
Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:HumansCells

  403. [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Dhaliwal AS, Chu D, [Bozkurt B](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269383), Tsai P, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Wall MJ, **Coselli JS** , Huh J. Does the level of experience of residents affect outcomes of coronary artery bypass surgery? Ann Thorac Surg. 2009 Apr; 87(4):1127-33; discussion 1133-4. PMID: [19324138](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19324138).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19324138/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  404. Li X, Rong Y, Zhang M, Wang XL, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Zhang Y, [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198). Up-regulation of thioredoxin interacting protein (Txnip) by p38 MAPK and FOXO1 contributes to the impaired thioredoxin activity and increased ROS in glucose-treated endothelial cells. Biochem Biophys Res Commun. 2009 Apr 17; 381(4):660-5. PMID: [19254690](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19254690); PMCID: [PMC2677205](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2677205).

Citations:
[50](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19254690/citedby/) Fields:

Bio BiochemistryBio Biophysics

Translation:HumansCells

  405. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Green SY, Sharma K, Cheung CK, Sameri A, Tsai PI, Adams G, **Coselli JS**. Aortic root replacement with stentless porcine xenografts: early and late outcomes in 132 patients. Ann Thorac Surg. 2009 Feb; 87(2):503-12; discussion 512-3. PMID: [19161769](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19161769).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19161769/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:HumansAnimals

  406. Chu D, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Wang XL, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Huh J. The impact of placing multiple grafts to each myocardial territory on long-term survival after coronary artery bypass grafting. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2009 Jan; 137(1):60-4. PMID: [19154904](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19154904).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19154904/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  407. **Coselli JS** , Green SY. Evolution of aortic arch repair. Tex Heart Inst J. 2009; 36(5):435-7. PMID: [19876421](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19876421); PMCID: [PMC2763466](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2763466).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19876421/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  408. [Lemaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Jones MM, Conklin LD, Carter SA, Criddell MD, Wang XL, Raskin SA, **Coselli JS**. Randomized comparison of cold blood and cold crystalloid renal perfusion for renal protection during thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair. J Vasc Surg. 2009 Jan; 49(1):11-9; discussion 19. PMID: [19028052](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19028052).

Citations:
[20](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19028052/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  409. Chu D, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Wang XL, Dao TK, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Huh J. The impact of peripheral vascular disease on long-term survival after coronary artery bypass graft surgery. Ann Thorac Surg. 2008 Oct; 86(4):1175-80. PMID: [18805156](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18805156).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18805156/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  410. Dhaliwal AS, Chu D, [Deswal A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266282), [Bozkurt B](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269383), **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Huh J, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938). The July effect and cardiac surgery: the effect of the beginning of the academic cycle on outcomes. Am J Surg. 2008 Nov; 196(5):720-5. PMID: [18789415](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18789415).

Citations:
[14](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18789415/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  411. [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Chu D, Dhaliwal AS, [Bozkurt B](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269383), Wang XL, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Huh J. Does the use of bilateral internal mammary artery grafts impact survival of veterans undergoing coronary artery bypass surgery? Am J Surg. 2008 Nov; 196(5):726-31. PMID: [18789418](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18789418).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18789418/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  412. Chu D, [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Wang XL, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Huh J. Does the duration of surgery affect outcomes in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting? Am J Surg. 2008 Nov; 196(5):652-6. PMID: [18778805](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18778805).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18778805/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  413. [Lin PH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269962), [Huynh TT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582746), Kougias P, Wall MJ, **Coselli JS** , [Mattox KL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267276). Endovascular repair of traumatic thoracic aortic injuries: a critical appraisal. Asian Cardiovasc Thorac Ann. 2008 Aug; 16(4):337-45. PMID: [18670033](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18670033).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18670033/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  414. [Lin PH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269962), Bechara C, Kougias P, [Huynh TT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582746), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Assessment of aortic pathology and peripheral arterial disease using multidetector computed tomographic angiography. Vasc Endovascular Surg. 2008 Dec-2009 Jan; 42(6):583-98. PMID: [18621886](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18621886).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18621886/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  415. Zhang MX, Zhang C, [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198), Wang J, Li XN, Chen L, Zhang Y, **Coselli JS** , Wang XL. Effect of 27nt small RNA on endothelial nitric-oxide synthase expression. Mol Biol Cell. 2008 Sep; 19(9):3997-4005. PMID: [18614799](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18614799); PMCID: [PMC2526692](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2526692).

Citations:
[22](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18614799/citedby/) Fields:

Cel Cell BiologyMol Molecular Biology

Translation:HumansCells

  416. [Lin PH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269962), [Huynh TT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582746), Kougias P, Huh J, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Descending thoracic aortic dissection: evaluation and management in the era of endovascular technology. Vasc Endovascular Surg. 2009 Feb-Mar; 43(1):5-24. PMID: [18583304](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18583304).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18583304/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  417. Wong DR, [Lemaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Managing dissections of the thoracic aorta. Am Surg. 2008 May; 74(5):364-80. PMID: [18481490](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18481490); PMCID: [PMC2824651](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2824651).

Citations:
[11](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18481490/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  418. Zhang C, Zhang MX, [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198), [Burks JK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583108), Li XN, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Yoshimura K, Aoki H, Matsuzaki M, An FS, Engler DA, **Coselli JS** , Zhang Y, Wang XL, Matsunami RK. Role of NonO-histone interaction in TNFalpha-suppressed prolyl-4-hydroxylase alpha1. Biochim Biophys Acta. 2008 Aug; 1783(8):1517-28. PMID: [18439917](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18439917); PMCID: [PMC2587084](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2587084).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18439917/citedby/) Fields:

Bio BiochemistryBio Biophysics

Translation:HumansCells

  419. Naoum JJ, Parenti JL, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Endovascular repair of a right-sided descending thoracic aortic aneurysm with a right-sided aortic arch and aberrant left subclavian artery. Ann Thorac Surg. 2008 Mar; 85(3):1074-6. PMID: [18291202](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18291202).

Citations:
[11](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18291202/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  420. **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Tips for successful outcomes for descending thoracic and thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm procedures. Semin Vasc Surg. 2008 Mar; 21(1):13-20. PMID: [18342730](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18342730).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18342730/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  421. **Coselli JS** , Bozinovski J, Cheung C. Hypothermic circulatory arrest: safety and efficacy in the operative treatment of descending and thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysms. Ann Thorac Surg. 2008 Mar; 85(3):956-63; discussion 964. PMID: [18291178](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18291178).

Citations:
[8](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18291178/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  422. Bozinovski J, **Coselli JS**. Outcomes and survival in surgical treatment of descending thoracic aorta with acute dissection. Ann Thorac Surg. 2008 Mar; 85(3):965-70; discussion 970-1. PMID: [18291179](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18291179).

Citations:
[20](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18291179/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  423. [Lin PH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269962), [Barshes NR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269878), Albo D, Kougias P, Berger DH, [Huynh TT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582746), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Dardik A, Lee WA, **Coselli JS**. Concomitant colorectal cancer and abdominal aortic aneurysm: evolution of treatment paradigm in the endovascular era. J Am Coll Surg. 2008 May; 206(5):1065-73; discussion 1074-5. PMID: [18471757](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18471757).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18471757/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryGyn GynecologyObs Obstetrics

Translation:Humans

  424. [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Huh J, Chu D, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), [Mattox KL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267276), Wall MJ, Wang XL, Shenaq SA, [Atluri PV](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269401), [Awad SS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266767), Berger DH. Hurricane Katrina: impact on cardiac surgery case volume and outcomes. Tex Heart Inst J. 2008; 35(3):273-8. PMID: [18941612](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18941612); PMCID: [PMC2565551](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2565551).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18941612/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  425. Reverdin S, Gregoric ID, [Kar B](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266280), Loyalka P, Bieniarz MC, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Frazier OH. Bridge to transplantation with the TandemHeart: bending the indications in a chronic aortic dissection patient with postcardiotomy shock. Tex Heart Inst J. 2008; 35(3):340-1. PMID: [18941602](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18941602); PMCID: [PMC2565541](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2565541).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18941602/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  426. Marzolino PS, Reynolds JH, **Coselli JS** , Grigore AM. Contained ascending aortic rupture disguised as a right atrial mass. Tex Heart Inst J. 2008; 35(1):43-5. PMID: [18427651](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18427651); PMCID: [PMC2322908](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2322908).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18427651/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  427. Svensson LG, Kouchoukos NT, Miller DC, Bavaria JE, **Coselli JS** , Curi MA, Eggebrecht H, Elefteriades JA, Erbel R, Gleason TG, Lytle BW, Mitchell RS, Nienaber CA, Roselli EE, Safi HJ, Shemin RJ, Sicard GA, Sundt TM, Szeto WY, Wheatley GH, Society of Thoracic Surgeons Endovascular Surgery Task Force. Expert consensus document on the treatment of descending thoracic aortic disease using endovascular stent-grafts. Ann Thorac Surg. 2008 Jan; 85(1 Suppl):S1-41. PMID: [18083364](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18083364).

Citations:
[137](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18083364/citedby/)
Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  428. [Lin PH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269962), Kougias P, [Huynh TT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582746), Huh J, **Coselli JS**. Endovascular repair of ascending aortic pseudoaneurysm: technical considerations of a common carotid artery approach using the Zenith aortic cuff endograft. J Endovasc Ther. 2007 Dec; 14(6):794-8. PMID: [18052591](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18052591).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18052591/citedby/) Fields:

Vas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  429. [Lin PH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269962), Dardik A, **Coselli JS**. A simple technique to facilitate antegrade thoracic endograft deployment using a hybrid elephant trunk procedure under hypothermic circulatory arrest. J Endovasc Ther. 2007 Oct; 14(5):669-71. PMID: [17924732](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17924732).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/17924732/citedby/) Fields:

Vas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  430. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Options for managing infected ascending aortic grafts. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2007 Oct; 134(4):839-43. PMID: [17903492](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17903492).

Citations:
[15](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/17903492/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansAnimalsPHPublic Health

  431. [Lemaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Ochoa LN, Conklin LD, Schmittling ZC, Undar A, Clubb FJ, Li Wang X, **Coselli JS** , Fraser CD. Nerve and conduction tissue injury caused by contact with BioGlue. J Surg Res. 2007 Dec; 143(2):286-93. PMID: [17765925](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17765925).

Citations:
[11](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/17765925/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Animals

  432. Daniel JC, [Huynh TT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582746), [Zhou W](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582713), Kougias P, El Sayed HF, Huh J, **Coselli JS** , [Lin PH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269962), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Acute aortic dissection associated with use of cocaine. J Vasc Surg. 2007 Sep; 46(3):427-33. PMID: [17826227](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17826227).

Citations:
[18](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/17826227/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  433. [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Huh J. Continued aortic aneurysmal expansion after thoracic endovascular stent-grafting. Ann Thorac Surg. 2007 Sep; 84(3):1007-8. PMID: [17720420](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17720420).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/17720420/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  434. [Lin PH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269962), El Sayed HF, Kougias P, [Zhou W](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582713), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS**. Endovascular repair of thoracic aortic disease: overview of current devices and clinical results. Vascular. 2007 Jul-Aug; 15(4):179-90. PMID: [17714632](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17714632).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/17714632/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  435. Zhang C, Zhang MX, [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198), [Burks JK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583108), Zhang Y, Wang J, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Yoshimura K, Aoki H, **Coselli JS** , Wang XL. TNF-alpha suppresses prolyl-4-hydroxylase alpha1 expression via the ASK1-JNK-NonO pathway. Arterioscler Thromb Vasc Biol. 2007 Aug; 27(8):1760-7. PMID: [17478756](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17478756); PMCID: [PMC2597036](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2597036).

Citations:
[16](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/17478756/citedby/) Fields:

Vas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansCells

  436. Wong DR, **Coselli JS** , Amerman K, Bozinovski J, Carter SA, Vaughn WK, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Delayed spinal cord deficits after thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair. Ann Thorac Surg. 2007 Apr; 83(4):1345-55; discussion 1355. PMID: [17383338](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17383338).

Citations:
[17](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/17383338/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  437. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Pannu H, Tran-Fadulu V, Carter SA, **Coselli JS** , Milewicz DM. Severe aortic and arterial aneurysms associated with a TGFBR2 mutation. Nat Clin Pract Cardiovasc Med. 2007 Mar; 4(3):167-71. PMID: [17330129](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17330129); PMCID: [PMC2561071](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2561071).

Citations:
[20](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/17330129/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  438. **Coselli JS** , Bozinovski J, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Open surgical repair of 2286 thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysms. Ann Thorac Surg. 2007 Feb; 83(2):S862-4; discussion S890-2. PMID: [17257942](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17257942).

Citations:
[66](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/17257942/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  439. Mussa FF, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Bozinovski J, **Coselli JS**. An entirely endovascular approach to the repair of an ascending aortic pseudoaneurysm. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2007 Feb; 133(2):562-3. PMID: [17258601](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17258601).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  440. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Ochoa LN, Conklin LD, Widman RA, Clubb FJ, Undar A, Schmittling ZC, Wang XL, Fraser CD, **Coselli JS**. Transcutaneous near-infrared spectroscopy for detection of regional spinal ischemia during intercostal artery ligation: preliminary experimental results. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2006 Nov; 132(5):1150-5. PMID: [17059937](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17059937).

Citations:
[9](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/17059937/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Animals

  441. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), MacArthur RG, **Coselli JS**. Valvular reoperations by left thoracotomy in patients with pectus excavatum. Ann Thorac Surg. 2006 Aug; 82(2):733-5. PMID: [16863802](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16863802).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16863802/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  442. [Wang XL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270196), Zhang L, Youker K, Zhang MX, Wang J, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198). Free fatty acids inhibit insulin signaling-stimulated endothelial nitric oxide synthase activation through upregulating PTEN or inhibiting Akt kinase. Diabetes. 2006 Aug; 55(8):2301-10. PMID: [16873694](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16873694).

Citations:
[85](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16873694/citedby/) Fields:

End Endocrinology

Translation:HumansCells

  443. Wang X, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Chen L, [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198), Gan Y, Bartsch H, Carter SA, Utama B, Ou H, **Coselli JS** , Wang XL. Increased collagen deposition and elevated expression of connective tissue growth factor in human thoracic aortic dissection. Circulation. 2006 Jul 04; 114(1 Suppl):I200-5. PMID: [16820572](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16820572); PMCID: [PMC2637375](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2637375).

Citations:
[56](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16820572/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  444. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Carter SA, Volguina IV, Laux AT, Milewicz DM, Borsato GW, Cheung CK, Bozinovski J, Markesino JM, Vaughn WK, **Coselli JS**. Spectrum of aortic operations in 300 patients with confirmed or suspected Marfan syndrome. Ann Thorac Surg. 2006 Jun; 81(6):2063-78; discussion 2078. PMID: [16731131](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16731131).

Citations:
[21](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16731131/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  445. Chen L, Wang X, Carter SA, [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198), Bartsch HR, Thompson RW, **Coselli JS** , Wilcken DL, Wang XL, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). A single nucleotide polymorphism in the matrix metalloproteinase 9 gene (-8202A/G) is associated with thoracic aortic aneurysms and thoracic aortic dissection. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2006 May; 131(5):1045-52. PMID: [16678588](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16678588); PMCID: [PMC2604130](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2604130).

Citations:
[19](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16678588/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  446. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Carter SA, **Coselli JS**. The elephant trunk technique for staged repair of complex aneurysms of the entire thoracic aorta. Ann Thorac Surg. 2006 May; 81(5):1561-9; discussion 1569. PMID: [16631635](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16631635).

Citations:
[23](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16631635/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  447. Wang J, [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198), Utama B, Wang J, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Vercellotti GM, Wang XL. HCMV infection attenuates hydrogen peroxide induced endothelial apoptosis-- involvement of ERK pathway. FEBS Lett. 2006 May 15; 580(11):2779-87. PMID: [16650413](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16650413).

Citations:
[9](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16650413/citedby/) Fields:

Bio Biochemistry

Translation:HumansCells

  448. Kouchoukos NT, Bavaria JE, **Coselli JS** , De la Torre R, Ikonomidis JS, Karmy-Jones RC, Mitchell RS, Shemin RJ, Spielvogel D, Svensson LG, Wheatley GH, Task Force on Endovascular Surgery, Workforce on Adult Cardiac Surgery, Council on Education and Member Services, Society of Thoracic Surgeons. Guidelines for credentialing of practitioners to perform endovascular stent-grafting of the thoracic aorta. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2006 Mar; 131(3):530-2. PMID: [16515901](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16515901).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16515901/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  449. Kouchoukos NT, Bavaria JE, **Coselli JS** , De La Torre R, Ikonomidis JS, Karmy-Jones RC, Mitchell RS, Shemin RJ, Spielvogel D, Svensson LG, Wheatley GH. Guidelines for credentialing of practitioners to perform endovascular stent-grafting of the thoracic aorta. Ann Thorac Surg. 2006 Mar; 81(3):1174-6. PMID: [16488759](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16488759).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16488759/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  450. Chen L, [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198), Wang X, Wang J, Gan Y, [Chen N](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582625), Wang J, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Wang XL. Human prolyl-4-hydroxylase alpha(I) transcription is mediated by upstream stimulatory factors. J Biol Chem. 2006 Apr 21; 281(16):10849-55. PMID: [16488890](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16488890); PMCID: [PMC2819823](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2819823).

Citations:
[22](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16488890/citedby/) Fields:

Bio Biochemistry

Translation:HumansCells

  451. [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198), Zhang L, Gan Y, Wang X, Wang J, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , Wang XL. Up-regulation of PTEN (phosphatase and tensin homolog deleted on chromosome ten) mediates p38 MAPK stress signal-induced inhibition of insulin signaling. A cross-talk between stress signaling and insulin signaling in resistin-treated human endothelial cells. J Biol Chem. 2006 Mar 24; 281(12):7727-36. PMID: [16418168](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16418168).

Citations:
[53](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16418168/citedby/) Fields:

Bio Biochemistry

Translation:HumansCells

  452. **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Carter SA, Conklin LD. The reversed elephant trunk technique used for treatment of complex aneurysms of the entire thoracic aorta. Ann Thorac Surg. 2005 Dec; 80(6):2166-72; discussion 2172. PMID: [16305865](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16305865).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16305865/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  453. [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198), Zhang L, Utama B, Wang J, Gan Y, Wang X, Wang J, Chen L, Vercellotti GM, **Coselli JS** , Mehta JL, Wang XL. Human cytomegalovirus inhibits Akt-mediated eNOS activation through upregulating PTEN (phosphatase and tensin homolog deleted on chromosome 10). Cardiovasc Res. 2006 Feb 01; 69(2):502-11. PMID: [16316638](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16316638).

Citations:
[24](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16316638/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansCells

  454. Zhang MX, Ou H, [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198), Wang J, Wang J, **Coselli J** , Wang XL. Regulation of endothelial nitric oxide synthase by small RNA. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2005 Nov 22; 102(47):16967-72. PMID: [16284254](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16284254); PMCID: [PMC1287968](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1287968).

Citations:
[51](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16284254/citedby/) Fields:

Sci Science

Translation:HumansCells

  455. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Voloyiannis T, **Coselli JS**. Images in vascular medicine. Aortic graft pseudo-pseudoaneurysms. Vasc Med. 2005 Nov; 10(4):329. PMID: [16444861](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16444861).

Citations:  Fields:

Vas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  456. Ou H, [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198), Utama B, Wang J, Wang X, **Coselli J** , Wang XL. Effect of nuclear actin on endothelial nitric oxide synthase expression. Arterioscler Thromb Vasc Biol. 2005 Dec; 25(12):2509-14. PMID: [16210567](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16210567); PMCID: [PMC1382336](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1382336).

Citations:
[16](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16210567/citedby/) Fields:

Vas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansCells

  457. Wang X, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Chen L, Carter SA, [Shen YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270198), Gan Y, Bartsch H, [Wilks JA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583312), Utama B, Ou H, Thompson RW, **Coselli JS** , Wang XL. Decreased expression of fibulin-5 correlates with reduced elastin in thoracic aortic dissection. Surgery. 2005 Aug; 138(2):352-9. PMID: [16153447](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16153447).

Citations:
[20](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16153447/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  458. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Carter SA, Won T, Wang X, Conklin LD, **Coselli JS**. The threat of adhesive embolization: BioGlue leaks through needle holes in aortic tissue and prosthetic grafts. Ann Thorac Surg. 2005 Jul; 80(1):106-10; discussion 110-1. PMID: [15975350](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15975350).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/15975350/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Animals

  459. MacArthur RG, Carter SA, **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Organ protection during thoracoabdominal aortic surgery: rationale for a multimodality approach. Semin Cardiothorac Vasc Anesth. 2005 Jun; 9(2):143-9. PMID: [15920639](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15920639).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/15920639/citedby/) Fields:

Ane Anesthesiology

Translation:Humans

  460. Conklin LD, McAninch RE, Schulz D, Kaluza GL, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), **Coselli JS** , [Raizner AE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266535), Sutton RE. HIV-based vectors and angiogenesis following rabbit hindlimb ischemia. J Surg Res. 2005 Jan; 123(1):55-66. PMID: [15652951](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15652951).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/15652951/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:AnimalsCells

  461. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Wang X, [Wilks JA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583312), Carter SA, Wen S, Won T, Leonardelli D, Anand G, Conklin LD, Wang XL, Thompson RW, **Coselli JS**. Matrix metalloproteinases in ascending aortic aneurysms: bicuspid versus trileaflet aortic valves. J Surg Res. 2005 Jan; 123(1):40-8. PMID: [15652949](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15652949).

Citations:
[52](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/15652949/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  462. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Jamison AL, Carter SA, Wen S, Alankar S, **Coselli JS**. Deployment of balloon expandable stents during open repair of thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysms: a new strategy for managing renal and mesenteric artery lesions. Eur J Cardiothorac Surg. 2004 Sep; 26(3):599-607. PMID: [15302057](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15302057).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/15302057/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  463. Gleason TG, David TE, **Coselli JS** , Hammon JW, Bavaria JE. St. Jude Medical Toronto biologic aortic root prosthesis: early FDA phase II IDE study results. Ann Thorac Surg. 2004 Sep; 78(3):786-93. PMID: [15336992](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15336992).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/15336992/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:HumansAnimalsCTClinical Trials

  464. **Coselli JS** , Conklin LD. The surgeon's work in transition: should surgeons spend more time outside the hospital? Con. Ann Thorac Surg. 2004 Apr; 77(4):1149-50; discussion 1150-1. PMID: [15063222](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15063222).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  465. **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Conklin LD, Adams GJ. Left heart bypass during descending thoracic aortic aneurysm repair does not reduce the incidence of paraplegia. Ann Thorac Surg. 2004 Apr; 77(4):1298-303; discussion 1303. PMID: [15063255](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15063255).

Citations:
[11](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/15063255/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  466. [Bakaeen FG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938), Reardon MJ, **Coselli JS** , Miller CC, Howell JF, Lawrie GM, Espada R, Ramchandani MK, [Noon GP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267279), Weilbaecher DG, DeBakey ME. Surgical outcome in 85 patients with primary cardiac tumors. Am J Surg. 2003 Dec; 186(6):641-7; discussion 647. PMID: [14672772](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/14672772).

Citations:
[42](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/14672772/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  467. **Coselli JS** , Stolf NA, Dias AR, Mady C, Dias RR, Oliveira SA. Aneurysmal dilation of the reimplant segment of the visceral vessels after thoracoabdominal aneurysm correction. Arq Bras Cardiol. 2003 Sep; 81(3):273-8. PMID: [14569371](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/14569371).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/14569371/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  468. **Coselli JS**. The use of left heart bypass in the repair of thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysms: current techniques and results. Semin Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2003 Oct; 15(4):326-32. PMID: [14710373](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/14710373).

Citations:
[21](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/14710373/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  469. Undar A, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Schmittling ZC, **Coselli JS** , Deady BA, Fraser CD, K?ksoy C. Use of near-infrared spectroscopy to monitor regional cerebral oxygen saturation during infrarenal aortic crossclamping in piglets. Artif Organs. 2003 Sep; 27(9):849-53. PMID: [12940909](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12940909).

Citations:  Fields:

Tra Transplantation

Translation:Animals

  470. **Coselli JS** , Bavaria JE, Fehrenbacher J, Stowe CL, Macheers SK, Gundry SR. Prospective randomized study of a protein-based tissue adhesive used as a hemostatic and structural adjunct in cardiac and vascular anastomotic repair procedures. J Am Coll Surg. 2003 Aug; 197(2):243-52; discussion 252-3. PMID: [12892806](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12892806).

Citations:
[20](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/12892806/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryGyn GynecologyObs Obstetrics

Translation:HumansCTClinical Trials

  471. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Miller CC, Conklin LD, Schmittling ZC, **Coselli JS**. Estimating group mortality and paraplegia rates after thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair. Ann Thorac Surg. 2003 Feb; 75(2):508-13. PMID: [12607663](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12607663).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/12607663/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  472. Conklin LD, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Casar GJ, **Coselli JS**. Tracheal erosion by an innominate artery graft: presentation and surgical repair. Ann Thorac Surg. 2003 Feb; 75(2):573-5. PMID: [12607678](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12607678).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/12607678/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  473. **Coselli JS** , Conklin LD, [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair: review and update of current strategies. Ann Thorac Surg. 2002 Nov; 74(5):S1881-4; discussion S1892-8. PMID: [12440686](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12440686).

Citations:
[16](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/12440686/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  474. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), DiBardino DJ, **Coselli JS** , K?ksoy C. Proximal aortic reoperations in patients with composite valve grafts. Ann Thorac Surg. 2002 Nov; 74(5):S1777-80; discussion S1792-9. PMID: [12440664](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12440664).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/12440664/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  475. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), [Rice DC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583376), Schmittling ZC, **Coselli JS**. Emergency surgery for thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysms with acute presentation. J Vasc Surg. 2002 Jun; 35(6):1171-8. PMID: [12042727](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12042727).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/12042727/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  476. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Schmittling ZC, **Coselli JS** , Undar A, Deady BA, Clubb FJ, Fraser CD. BioGlue surgical adhesive impairs aortic growth and causes anastomotic strictures. Ann Thorac Surg. 2002 May; 73(5):1500-5; discussion 1506. PMID: [12022540](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12022540).

Citations:
[14](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/12022540/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Animals

  477. **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Schmittling ZC, Curling PE, K?ksoy C. Cerebrospinal fluid drainage reduces paraplegia after thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair: results of a randomized clinical trial. J Vasc Surg. 2002 Apr; 35(4):631-9. PMID: [11932655](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11932655).

Citations:
[96](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/11932655/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansCTClinical Trials

  478. **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388). Temperature management after hypothermic circulatory arrest. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2002 Apr; 123(4):621-3. PMID: [11986587](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11986587).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/11986587/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyGen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary MedicineVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Animals

  479. **Coselli JS** , [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Conklin LD, Schmittling ZC, K?ksoy C. Morbidity and mortality after extent II thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair. Ann Thorac Surg. 2002 Apr; 73(4):1107-15; discussion 1115-6. PMID: [11996250](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11996250).

Citations:
[26](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/11996250/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:HumansPHPublic Health

  480. [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), Curling PE, Raskin SA, Schmittling ZC, Conklin LD, **Coselli JS** , K?ksoy C. Renal perfusion during thoracoabdominal aortic operations: cold crystalloid is superior to normothermic blood. Ann Thorac Surg. 2002 Mar; 73(3):730-8. PMID: [11899174](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11899174).

Citations:
[26](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/11899174/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:HumansCTClinical Trials

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 480 publications over 23 distinct years, with a maximum of
42 publications in 2020 and
2021](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|42&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,19,17,10,24,29,29,48,45,38,31,55,60,55,57,79,52,69,64,100,100,93,62,10&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2002| 8  
2003| 7  
2004| 4  
2005| 10  
2006| 12  
2007| 12  
2008| 20  
2009| 19  
2010| 16  
2011| 13  
2012| 23  
2013| 25  
2014| 23  
2015| 24  
2016| 33  
2017| 22  
2018| 29  
2019| 27  
2020| 42  
2021| 42  
2022| 39  
2023| 26  
2024| 4  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

COSELLI's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (818)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Aortic Aneurysm, Thoracic](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/254318)
  * [Blood Vessel Prosthesis Implantation](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/251971)
  * [Aorta, Thoracic](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/251352)
  * [Endovascular Procedures](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27545725)
  * [Aortic Aneurysm](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/259292)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267370/198)

_

Co-Authors (99)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [PREVENTZA, OURANIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328)
  * [LEMAIRE, SCOTT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388)
  * [CHATTERJEE, SUBHASIS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830403)
  * [BAKAEEN, FAISAL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938)
  * [GHANTA, RAVI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19216872)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267370/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [LEMAIRE, SCOTT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388)
  * [PREVENTZA, OURANIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328)
  * [KRAJCER, ZVONIMIR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266698)
  * [MOON, MARC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104252)
  * [BAKAEEN, FAISAL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266938)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267370/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [BURT, BRYAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8354542)
  * [CORNWELL, LORRAINE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266215)
  * [FINKIELMAN, JAVIER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/38907544)
  * [LEMAIRE, SCOTT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388)
  * [VALAYIL, SUBIN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/29984287)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [LEMAIRE, SCOTT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388)
  * [MCKENZIE, DEAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266894)
  * [TRAN, MARY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270005)
  * [WALL JR, MATTHEW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267814)
  * [WANG, XING LI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270196)

_

