## JOHN WIRTHLIN

| | Title| Associate Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Surgery  
Address| 6701 FANNIN  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=HKQ47yvwKZnhToPk7lvAKbnCIhWf&rnd=5d7ff508-e7da-4841-9de3-7508eef182cb)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=267497)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=267497&cachekey=e1480204-d8c1-423b-ad78-f3fca4cfcb44)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Overview  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
overview

Dr. John O. Wirthlin is the full time craniofacial orthodontist on the cleft
and craniofacial team at Texas Children's Hospital. He is one of the few
orthodontists in the nation to have completed an American Dental Association-
accredited Craniofacial Orthodontic Fellowship Program. Dr. Wirthlin is also a
board certified member of the American Board of Orthodontists.  
  
As a member of the cleft and craniofacial team, Dr. Wirthlin helps treat
patients born with a variety of facial abnormalities including cleft lip and
palate, hemifacial microsomia, Crouzon Syndrome, Pierre Robin, and a variety
of other abnormalities. Treating these patients with a team-centered approach
allows optimal treatment results as professionals from plastic surgery, speech
pathology, orthodontics, pediatric dentistry, otolaryngology, and several
other specialties can coordinate and optimize each step of the treatment.  
  
Dr. Wirthlin has been extensively trained in NasoAlveolar Molding (NAM) and
begins to work with patients born with cleft lip and palate as early as one
week of age. In conjunction with the other specialists on the cleft and
craniofacial team, Dr. Wirthlin is able to manage the orthodontic needs of
patients born with craniofacial abnormalities from the time of birth up
through adulthood.  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Volk AS, Riad SSH, Kania KE, Davies L, **Wirthlin JO** , Pederson WC, [Buchanan EP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474). Quantifying Free Fibula Flap Growth After Pediatric Mandibular Reconstruction. J Craniofac Surg. 2020 Oct; 31(7):e710-e714. PMID: [32604292](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32604292).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32604292/citedby/) Fields:

Den DentistryGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  2. Volk AS, Davis MJ, Narawane AM, Abu-Ghname A, [Dempsey RF](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016633), [Lambert EM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15317773), Tran BH, **Wirthlin JO** , [Buchanan EP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474). Quantification of Mandibular Morphology in Pierre Robin Sequence to Optimize Mandibular Distraction Osteogenesis. Cleft Palate Craniofac J. 2020 08; 57(8):1032-1040. PMID: [32253927](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32253927).

Citations:  Fields:

Den DentistryGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  3. Dong E, [Dempsey RF](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016633), **Wirthlin JO** , [Buchanan EP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474). Cranial Anchored Mandible Distraction Osteogenesis. J Craniofac Surg. 2019 Mar/Apr; 30(2):e183-e186. PMID: [30676449](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30676449).

Citations:  Fields:

Den DentistryGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  4. Schultz KP, Braun TL, Hernandez C, [Wilson KD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268486), Moore EE, **Wirthlin JO** , [Dempsey RF](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016633), [Buchanan EP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474), [Monson LA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268679). Speech Outcomes After LeFort I Advancement Among Cleft Lip and Palate Patients. Ann Plast Surg. 2019 02; 82(2):174-179. PMID: [30570562](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30570562).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  5. [Magoulas PL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265657), **Wirthlin JO** , [Buchanan EP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474), Xue Y. Craniofacial Manifestations in Severe Nemaline Myopathy. J Craniofac Surg. 2017 May; 28(3):e258-e260. PMID: [28468212](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28468212).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28468212/citedby/) Fields:

Den DentistryGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  6. Allori AC, Kelley T, Meara JG, Albert A, Bonanthaya K, Chapman K, Cunningham M, Daskalogiannakis J, de Gier H, Heggie AA, Hernandez C, Jackson O, Jones Y, Kangesu L, Koudstaal MJ, Kuchhal R, Lohmander A, Long RE, Magee L, [Monson L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268679), Rose E, Sitzman TJ, Taylor JA, Thorburn G, van Eeden S, Williams C, **Wirthlin JO** , Wong KW. A Standard Set of Outcome Measures for the Comprehensive Appraisal of Cleft Care. Cleft Palate Craniofac J. 2017 09; 54(5):540-554. PMID: [27223626](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27223626).

Citations:
[20](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27223626/citedby/) Fields:

Den DentistryGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  7. **Wirthlin JO** , Shetye PR. Orthodontist's Role in Orthognathic Surgery. Semin Plast Surg. 2013 Aug; 27(3):137-44. PMID: [24872759](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24872759); PMCID: [PMC3805727](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3805727).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24872759/citedby/)

  8. Wolfswinkel EM, Weathers WM, **Wirthlin JO** , [Monson LA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268679), Hollier LH, Khechoyan DY. Management of pediatric mandible fractures. Otolaryngol Clin North Am. 2013 Oct; 46(5):791-806. PMID: [24138738](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24138738).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24138738/citedby/) Fields:

Oto Otolaryngology

Translation:Humans

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 8 publications over 5 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in 2013 and 2019 and
2020](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,100,0,0,50,50,0,100,100,0,0,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2013| 2  
2016| 1  
2017| 1  
2019| 2  
2020| 2  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

WIRTHLIN's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (39)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Mandible](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/243558)
  * [Osteogenesis, Distraction](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/257090)
  * [Cleft Palate](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/261715)
  * [Cleft Lip](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/258084)
  * [Pierre Robin Syndrome](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/257883)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267497/198)

_

Co-Authors (6)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [BUCHANAN, EDWARD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474)
  * [MONSON, LAURA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268679)
  * [MAGOULAS, PILAR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265657)
  * [DEMPSEY, ROB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016633)
  * [LAMBERT, ELTON](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15317773)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267497/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [BUCHANAN, EDWARD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474)
  * [HANASONO, MATTHEW M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583443)
  * [MONSON, LAURA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268679)
  * [CHANG, EDWARD I-FEI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583166)
  * [GARVEY, PATRICK BRYAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583900)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267497/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [BENNETT, JAMES](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266346)
  * [CHEVRAY, PIERRE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267541)
  * [MARICEVICH, RENATA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17873555)
  * [SALINAS, DAVID](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/38813498)
  * [SCHUSTERMAN, MARK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268132)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [LEE, TIMOTHY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269439)
  * [MILEWICZ, ALLEN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269544)
  * [MINIFEE, PAUL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266524)
  * [MONSON, LAURA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268679)
  * [RODRIGUEZ, JOSE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269847)

_

