## YOUNGNA KIM

| | Title| Associate Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=L6c15G7OLav3RYKj5X%2fX&rnd=3d8e8d5a-76ef-4e7c-983c-8cb326180113)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=267625)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=267625&cachekey=c5d3178d-58b7-48d8-8237-343c460414bc)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Featured Content  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Twitter

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. [Cohen CT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/14348218), [Zobeck M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016486), [Han H](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17062670), [Spinner JA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/7612568), [Powers JM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17822535), Lee-Kim Y, [Sartain SE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009824). Bleeding outcomes and management of supratherapeutic episodes secondary to warfarin in children: A single center 10-year experience. Thromb Res. 2023 08; 228:148-150. PMID: [37329724](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37329724); PMCID: [PMC10699501](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10699501).

Citations:  Fields:

Vas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  2. Snarr BS, [Soni H](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265745), Lee-Kim Y, [Cohen CT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/14348218), S?nchez LM. Arterial thrombosis in a newborn with homozygous plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 4G/4G polymorphism. Pediatr Blood Cancer. 2022 08; 69(8):e29586. PMID: [35147281](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35147281).

Citations:  Fields:

Hem HematologyNeo NeoplasmsPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  3. [Hsieh E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016567), [Conneely S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17822544), [Teruya J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267301), [Nicholas S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270011), [Miller J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016481), Lee-Kim Y. Blood, Sweat, and Fears: A Novel Mutation Associated With Anaphylaxis and Nonresponse in a Patient With Afibrinogenemia. J Pediatr Hematol Oncol. 2021 03 01; 43(2):e260-e263. PMID: [32341261](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32341261).

Citations:  Fields:

Hem HematologyNeo NeoplasmsPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  4. Dinh CN, [Moffett BS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270140), Galati M, Lee-Kim Y, Yee DL, Mahoney D. A Critical Evaluation of Enoxaparin Dose Adjustment Guidelines in Children. J Pediatr Pharmacol Ther. 2019 Mar-Apr; 24(2):128-133. PMID: [31019405](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31019405); PMCID: [PMC6478360](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6478360).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31019405/citedby/)

  5. Lindsay H, [Bhar S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009970), Bonifant C, [Sartain S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009824), [Whittle SB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009971), Lee-Kim Y, Shah MD. Work efficiency improvement of >90% after implementation of an annual inpatient blood products administration consent form. BMJ Open Qual. 2018; 7(1):e000164. PMID: [29333497](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29333497); PMCID: [PMC5759742](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5759742).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29333497/citedby/) Fields:

Hea Health Services Research

  6. Galati M, Mahoney D, Lee-Kim Y, [Teruya J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267301), Shah MD, Yee DL, [Moffett BS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270140). Enoxaparin Population Pharmacokinetics in the First Year of Life. Ther Drug Monit. 2017 12; 39(6):632-639. PMID: [28937536](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28937536).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28937536/citedby/) Fields:

Dru Drug Therapy

Translation:Humans

  7. [Moffett BS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270140), Lee-Kim Y, Galati M, Mahoney D, Shah MD, [Teruya J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267301), Yee D. Population Pharmacokinetics of Enoxaparin in Pediatric Patients. Ann Pharmacother. 2018 02; 52(2):140-146. PMID: [28962537](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28962537).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28962537/citedby/) Fields:

Dru Drug TherapyPha Pharmacology

Translation:Humans

  8. [Fan JL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/41581723), Roberts LE, [Scheurer ME](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265805), Yee DL, Shah MD, Lee-Kim YJ. Association of outcomes and anti-Xa levels in the treatment of pediatric venous thromboembolism. Pediatr Blood Cancer. 2017 Nov; 64(11). PMID: [28521068](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28521068).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28521068/citedby/) Fields:

Hem HematologyNeo NeoplasmsPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  9. [Dietrich JE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266641), Yee DL, Santos XM, [Bercaw-Pratt JL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269054), [Kurkowski J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269989), [Soni H](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265745), Lee-Kim YJ, Shah MD, Mahoney D, Srivaths LV. Assessment of an Electronic Intervention in Young Women with Heavy Menstrual Bleeding. J Pediatr Adolesc Gynecol. 2017 Apr; 30(2):243-246. PMID: [27751907](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27751907).

Citations:  Fields:

Gyn GynecologyPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  10. Sahnoune I, Lee-**KIM Y** , Beaty R, Mahoney DM, Yee DL . Prophylactic Enoxaparin Use in Pediatrics: Pharmacologic, Radiographical and Clinical Outcomes. American Society of Pediatric Hematology-Oncology. 2016.

  11. Valdés SO, Lee-**KIM Y** J, Abraham GM, de la Uz C, Orcutt JW, Miyake CY, Kim JJ, MD. Reducing Fluoroscopy Times in Pediatric Ablation Procedures a Quality Improvement Project. Cardiology: 19th Annual Update on Pediatric and Congenital Cardiovascular Disease. 2016.

  12. Lee-**KIM Y** J, Frugé ED, Turner TL, Scheurer ME, Steuber CP. Fellow Onboarding. Association of Pediatric Program Directors. 2016.

  13. Lindsay H, Lee-**KIM Y** J, Srivaths LV. Perioperative Hemostatic Management in Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome: A Report of 2 Cases and Literature Review. Journal of Pediatric Hematology-Oncology. 2016; 2(38):158-60.

  14. Roberts LE, Fan JL, Lee-**KIM Y** J, Shah MD. Evaluating Frequency of Anti-Xa Monitoring in Treatment of Pediatric Venous Thromboembolism. American Society of Hematology. 2015.

  15. Beaty RS, [Moffett BS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270140), Mahoney DH, Yee DL, Lee-Kim YJ. Use of 4-Factor Prothrombin Concentrate (Kcentra) in Hospitalized Pediatric Patients. Ann Pharmacother. 2016 Jan; 50(1):70-1. PMID: [26497886](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26497886).

Citations:  Fields:

Dru Drug TherapyPha Pharmacology

  16. Shah MD, Lee-**KIM Y** , Steuber CP, Rednam SP. Improving the Pediatric Hematology-Oncology Fellowship through Restructuring the Texas Children’s Cancer and Hematology Centers (TXCH) Inpatient Service. Baylor College of Medicine Showcase of Educational Scholarship. 2015.

  17. Rednam SP, Lee-**KIM Y** , Steuber CP, Shah MD. Educational Evaluation of the Intern Experience Rotating on the Texas Children’s Cancer and Hematology Centers (TXCH) Inpatient Service. Baylor College of Medicine Showcase of Educational Scholarship. 2015.

  18. Fan JL, Roberts LE, Shah MD, Lee-**KIM Y** J. Association of Outcomes and Anti-Xa Monitoring in Treatment of Pediatric Venous Thromboembolism. American Society of Hematology. 2015.

  19. Kang AM, Lee-**KIM Y**. Discovery of Congenital Afibrinogenemia Delayed By Diagnostic Momentum. Texas Pediatric Society. 2014.

  20. O'Brien MM, Lee-Kim Y, George TI, [McClain KL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266880), Twist CJ, Jeng M. Precursor B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia presenting with hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis. Pediatr Blood Cancer. 2008 Feb; 50(2):381-3. PMID: [16856156](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16856156).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16856156/citedby/) Fields:

Hem HematologyNeo NeoplasmsPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 20 publications over 10 distinct years, with a maximum of
5 publications in 2015 and
2016](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|5&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,20,0,0,0,0,0,20,100,100,60,20,20,0,20,20,20,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2008| 1  
2014| 1  
2015| 5  
2016| 5  
2017| 3  
2018| 1  
2019| 1  
2021| 1  
2022| 1  
2023| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

KIM's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (49)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Enoxaparin](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/246917)
  * [Anticoagulants](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/255191)
  * [Warfarin](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/251780)
  * [Plasminogen Activator Inhibitor 1](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/252559)
  * [Afibrinogenemia](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/247173)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267625/198)

_

Co-Authors (22)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [MOFFETT, BRADY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270140)
  * [COHEN, CLAY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/14348218)
  * [SARTAIN, SARAH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009824)
  * [HSIEH, EMILY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016567)
  * [FAN, JENNIFER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/41581723)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267625/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [WINKELMAYER, WOLFGANG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/5714591)
  * [LI, ANG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/29964662)
  * [PEACOCK, WILLIAM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268773)
  * [KANTARJIAN, HAGOP M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582901)
  * [MOFFETT, BRADY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270140)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267625/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [ANUM, SHANI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37888844)
  * [CARMOUCHE, ALAUNDRA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/5236829)
  * [FLANAGAN, JONATHAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268458)
  * [GRIMES, AMANDA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270042)
  * [SHEN, FAN FAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/29494175)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [BERTUCH, ALISON](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266270)
  * [FLANAGAN, JONATHAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268458)
  * [HURWITZ, RICHARD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266847)
  * [KIRK, SUSAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266653)
  * [MAHONEY, JR., DONALD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267273)

_

