## MARY ROCHA

| | Title| Associate Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=268324)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Hanson JL, Christy C, Clarke D, Green CM, Jirasevijinda TJ, Khidir A, Kind T, Levine L, Paul CR, Powers M, **Rocha MEM** , Sanguino SM, Schiller J, Tenney-Soeiro R, Trainor JL, Tewksbury LR. What Do Pediatric Subinterns Say About Their Learning and Assessment? A Qualitative Analysis of Individual Learning Plans. Acad Pediatr. 2024 03; 24(2):359-368. PMID: [37907127](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37907127).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  2. **ROCHA M** EMR - Chapter 6: Survey Research. Evidence-Based Medicine: From the Clinician and Educator Perspective. 2022; 363. [View Publication](https://novapublishers.com/shop/evidence-based-medicine-from-the-clinician-and-educator-perspective/).

  3. Stubbs LA, Saliba CK, Schallert EK, John SD, [Khatua S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104251), [Valencia Deray KG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/24845173), [Stevens AM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/1826717), **Rocha MEM**. A Lucky Break: A Case of a 3-Month-Old Female With a Pathologic Fracture. Clin Pediatr (Phila). 2022 01; 61(1):76-80. PMID: [34823408](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34823408).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  4. Ryan MS, Kind T, Jirasevijinda TJ, Paul CR, Keeley MG, **Rocha MEM**. Propelling Educational Innovations to Publication in Five Steps. Acad Med. 2020 11; 95(11):1779. PMID: [32134788](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32134788).

Citations:  Fields:

Edu Education

  5. Darby JB, Tamaskar N, [Kumar S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17062677), Sexson K, de Guzman M, **Rocha MEM** , Shulman ST. Variability in Kawasaki Disease Practice Patterns: A Survey of Hospitalists at Pediatric Hospital Medicine 2017. Hosp Pediatr. 2019 09; 9(9):724-728. PMID: [31462419](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31462419).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  6. Fuchs J, King M, Devon EP, Guffey D, Keeley M, **Rocha MEM**. Mitigating "Educational Groundhog Day" - The Role of Learner Handoffs Within Clinical Rotations: A Survey of Pediatric Educational Leaders. Acad Pediatr. 2020 Jan - Feb; 20(1):113-118. PMID: [31445968](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31445968).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  7. Paul CR, Ryan MS, Dallaghan GLB, Jirasevijinda T, Quigley PD, Hanson JL, Khidir AM, Petershack J, Jackson J, Tewksbury L, **Rocha MEM**. Collecting Validity Evidence: A Hands-on Workshop for Medical Education Assessment Instruments. MedEdPORTAL. 2019 04 12; 15:10817. PMID: [31139736](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31139736); PMCID: [PMC6507922](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6507922).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31139736/citedby/) Fields:

Edu EducationMed Medicine (General)

Translation:Humans

  8. Abramson EL, Paul CR, Petershack J, Serwint J, Fischel JE, **Rocha M** , Treitz M, McPhillips H, Lockspeiser T, Hicks P, Tewksbury L, Vasquez M, Tancredi DJ, Li ST. Conducting Quantitative Medical Education Research: From Design to Dissemination. Acad Pediatr. 2018 03; 18(2):129-139. PMID: [29117573](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29117573).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  9. . Critical Synthesis Package: Objective Structured Video Exam (OSVE) in Communication Skills. MedEdPORTAL. 2014. [View Publication](http://10.15766/mep_2374-8265.9846).

  10. Adame N, **Rocha ME** , Louden C, Agrawal R. Pediatric hospitalists' perspectives on the care of children with medical complexity. Hosp Pediatr. 2011 Jul 01; 1(1):30-7. PMID: [24510927](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24510927).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24510927/citedby/) Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

  11. Pitfalls of Enteral Feeding in Children with Special Health Care Needs. Hospital Pediatrics. 2008; (1):16-17.

  12. The Relationship between Nonadherence and Recurrent Disease: A Case-Comparison Study of DNA Fingerprint Clustering of Mycobacterium tuberculosis Isolates Among Recurrent and Primary Tuberculosis Cases. 1998.

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 12 publications over 10 distinct years, with a maximum of
3 publications in
2019](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|3&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,33,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,33,0,0,33,0,0,33,0,0,33,0,100,33,33,33,33,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
1998| 1  
2008| 1  
2011| 1  
2014| 1  
2017| 1  
2019| 3  
2020| 1  
2021| 1  
2022| 1  
2023| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

ROCHA's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (37)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Fractures, Spontaneous](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/246753)
  * [Models, Educational](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/252756)
  * [Personnel Staffing and Scheduling](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/259880)
  * [Osteomyelitis](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/239737)
  * [Clinical Clerkship](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/255466)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268324/198)

_

Co-Authors (6)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [STEVENS, ALEXANDRA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/1826717)
  * [VALENCIA DERAY, KRISTEN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/24845173)
  * [KHATUA, SUTAPA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104251)
  * [DEGUZMAN, MARIETTA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269765)
  * [SEXSON TEJTEL, SARA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267598)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268324/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [KOGAN, JENNIFER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/39098771)
  * [TURNER, TERI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266661)
  * [COVERDALE, JOHN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268075)
  * [BRUERA, EDUARDO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582968)
  * [MCCULLOUGH, LAURENCE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269728)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268324/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [HALL, JENNIFER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27841641)
  * [HESS, LAUREN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15317789)
  * [LUI, KAREN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8451888)
  * [NICOME, ROGER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269118)
  * [VACHANI, JOYEE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266064)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [HAUSER, ANDREA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269958)
  * [LOPEZ, MICHELLE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268784)
  * [MOTHNER, BRENT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270284)
  * [PARIKH, VIPUL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266072)
  * [VACHANI, JOYEE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266064)

_

