## JULIET HOLDER-HAYNES

| | Title| Associate Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Surgery  
Address| 7200 CAMBRIDGE  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=PqQ85WDVKIrVRIzgrn7GPw%3d%3d&rnd=54b6a590-6265-410d-aca3-76c5aeff9de4)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=268461)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=268461&cachekey=91fb4551-d655-4e04-a2ba-90817bc865dd)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Overview  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
overview

Dr. Holder Haynes specializes in bariatric and minimally invasive general
surgery. She can provide surgical weight loss solutions including gastric
sleeve, Lap-band, gastric bypass, and nissen fundoplication procedures. Dr.
Holder-Haynes also provides general laparoscopic surgical procedures such as
colectomy and hernia repair. She joined the BCM faculty in 2011 and currently
serves as Director of the General Surgery Clinical Clerkship.  
  
She has a special interest in medically underserved populations and serves as
a mentor for programs in the Office of Diversity and Community Outreach. Her
research interests include adult and pediatric obesity.  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
keywords

  * [Adult and adolescent obesity](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Adult and adolescent obesity&exactphrase=false)

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Roth CG, Huang WY, [Caruso AC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270043), [Sekhon N](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266618), [Kung DH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265584), [Greely JT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269315), Du YB, **Holder-Haynes JG** , [Little JE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268434), [Fielder EK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265914), [Ismail NJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269122). How to Teach Laboratory Stewardship in the Undergraduate Medical Curriculum? Am J Clin Pathol. 2020 01 01; 153(1):66-73. PMID: [31836880](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31836880).

Citations:  Fields:

Pat Pathology

Translation:Humans

  2. Abbas P, **Holder-Haynes J** , Taylor DJ, [Scott BG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269400), [Brandt ML](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267950), Naik-Mathuria B. More than a camera holder: teaching surgical skills to medical students. J Surg Res. 2015 May 15; 195(2):385-9. PMID: [25777824](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25777824).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25777824/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  3. Tharakan B, **Holder-Haynes JG** , Hunter FA, Smythe WR, Childs EW. Cyclosporine A prevents vascular hyperpermeability after hemorrhagic shock by inhibiting apoptotic signaling. J Trauma. 2009 Apr; 66(4):1033-9. PMID: [19359911](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19359911).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19359911/citedby/) Fields:

Tra Traumatology

Translation:AnimalsCells

  4. Tharakan B, **Holder-Haynes JG** , Hunter FA, Childs EW. Alpha lipoic acid attenuates microvascular endothelial cell hyperpermeability by inhibiting the intrinsic apoptotic signaling. Am J Surg. 2008 Feb; 195(2):174-8. PMID: [18096126](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18096126).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18096126/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:AnimalsCells

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 4 publications over 4 distinct years, with a maximum of 1
publications in 2008 and 2009 and 2015 and
2020](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|1&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,100,100,0,0,0,0,0,100,0,0,0,0,100,0,0,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2008| 1  
2009| 1  
2015| 1  
2020| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

HOLDER-HAYNES's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (43)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Clinical Clerkship](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/255466)
  * [Laboratories](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/253099)
  * [Education, Distance](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/243516)
  * [Education, Medical, Undergraduate](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/245213)
  * [Curriculum](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/251170)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268461/198)

_

Co-Authors (9)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [ISMAIL, NADIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269122)
  * [KUNG, DORIS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265584)
  * [FIELDER, ELAINE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265914)
  * [GREELY, JOCELYN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269315)
  * [SEKHON, NAVDEEP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266618)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268461/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [KOGAN, JENNIFER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/39098771)
  * [COVERDALE, JOHN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268075)
  * [ISMAIL, NADIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269122)
  * [LEE, ANDREW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266512)
  * [CONRAD, CLAUDIUS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582862)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268461/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [GROGAN, RAYMON](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23479120)
  * [IQBAL, ATIF](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/28999296)
  * [TRAN CAO, HOP S.](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16960385)
  * [WARD, JEREMY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8759777)
  * [YAO, KOUAME](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/30797008)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [AWAD, SAMIR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266767)
  * [CURLEY, STEVEN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3708901)
  * [SCOTT, BRADFORD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269400)
  * [SILBERFEIN, ERIC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270206)
  * [SORGEN, NORMAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269859)

_

