## PREETHI NAMBI

| | Title| Associate Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Family and Community Medicine  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=OKo942znIoj4CIrp9Q%3d%3d&rnd=fbed72e6-2c58-4aa9-8c31-c51dfefa4633)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=268495)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=268495&cachekey=660b378d-a875-4f26-a745-7538c256bdfc)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. [Bansal K](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2560320), **Nambi P**. A Rare Case of Brodie's Abscess in HIV Patient Caused by Mycobacterium kansasii. Cureus. 2020 Aug 31; 12(8):e10153. PMID: [33014651](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33014651); PMCID: [PMC7526972](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7526972).

Citations:

  2. Wooten JS, **Nambi P** , Gillard BK, Pownall HJ, Coraza I, Scott LW, [Nambi V](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270211), [Ballantyne CM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266404), [Balasubramanyam A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268015). Intensive lifestyle modification reduces Lp-PLA2 in dyslipidemic HIV/HAART patients. Med Sci Sports Exerc. 2013 Jun; 45(6):1043-50. PMID: [23299761](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23299761); PMCID: [PMC3655089](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3655089).

Citations:
[8](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23299761/citedby/) Fields:

Spo Sports Medicine

Translation:HumansCells

  3. Chiao EY, **Nambi PV** , Naik AD. The impact of diabetes process and outcome quality measures on overall survival in patients with co-morbid colorectal cancer. J Cancer Surviv. 2010 Dec; 4(4):381-7. PMID: [20721633](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20721633); PMCID: [PMC3175493](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3175493).

Citations:
[19](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20721633/citedby/) Fields:

Neo Neoplasms

Translation:Humans

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 3 publications over 3 distinct years, with a maximum of 1
publications in 2010 and 2013 and
2020](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|1&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,100,0,0,100,0,0,0,0,0,0,100,0,0,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2010| 1  
2013| 1  
2020| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

NAMBI's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (36)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [1-Alkyl-2-acetylglycerophosphocholine Esterase](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/263623)
  * [Diet Therapy](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/239692)
  * [Hypertriglyceridemia](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/249315)
  * [Antiretroviral Therapy, Highly Active](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/264606)
  * [Exercise Therapy](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/243420)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268495/198)

_

Co-Authors (4)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [BANSAL, KAMNA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2560320)
  * [BALASUBRAMANYAM, ASHOK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268015)
  * [NAMBI, VIJAY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270211)
  * [BALLANTYNE, CHRISTIE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266404)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268495/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [BALLANTYNE, CHRISTIE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266404)
  * [VIRANI, SALIM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268389)
  * [GIORDANO, THOMAS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269417)
  * [HO, DAVID](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267305)
  * [VAUTHEY, JEAN NICOLAS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582959)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268495/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [HARRISON, RAYMOND](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/41476013)
  * [MALOWITZ, STANTON](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23479164)
  * [RAKEL, ROBERT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269682)
  * [SEWELL, STEPHEN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/41476034)
  * [ZOOROB, ROGER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/5146650)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=A81BSfTwU3GNm4liSODkW6vB3EBYO6gz+a5TY1bFhuz1tc7ngL4Orww3064KoquG+9VriFtrDjogfSknlN6Jz7ictMT0qk3g10zM0TMIEPsEyvmx6bLpcnNFGJ4exv4/fFAesBf4NHrkI4nVpsBeSKg1prKuDu5Ad3xZR2IG1VXzQt2Kl5Hs5a708T2/vlG+0DSye5g9KBjG4Q1kuBhnZAsDzRQkDR38klnZT2UlnG774nyA2dru0SIu9XaJe2Vd5sGS5MfW+ZRpNT79jDpQICGGFNfg5WTlXIPkbYJjpf3YGfCjPCJ3A81UJRyGY9MF14VFc7hjK08KUw/CXldSQkQX94mkjqn1GRbJZcV6q8YMdcbUB3UeVgUHmLQA7INKLsictgHvVcL1tc7ngL4Or2BgPoCYhvcEdI9fj5a9U4/8OigV51+oglRnSu//SLHvjH1HWb7OWmYrCEOhNlmBq7Z/PsLHWsJSZIAfV8346VMVWsQSiN3oIGGN9jLXSZC010kNGYH6yvTtuL5pI2IiiZgevCUih0f3vmYbjqDWiC08TnyRrJKGE/Ija0iyg/oaKwhDoTZZgau2fz7Cx1rCUmSAH1fN+OlTFVrEEojd6CBhjfYy10mQtNdJDRmB+sr0qj61OBf+xqDD+6Clu8wvckIBgwTrFvbm7X3tdBvSWESSFAIovZGCSzP0EoNHt5PiUF26eANDXMkWXAx5IRPustF+EEOAWlaZMfmQk2RtrZ8pKPLZTII9EhwqdsLc16uFjcQbuuaMR4JpF2jOOFZEaWue6vkhtoRwwfdN4TTmOan9ztqBxhOvMb+us3lPmnf2tt1S1Z0IDTE7qPP/7M2jzFN6foNWCqqLRb/LXAdoFsRpMPt345sB8SI9K3ixiSN+kccJVanciBCNm4liSODkW2tuMX0EQMJeJ1NvmZC7MMfIH0G3DzFa7Ww3kCPpSspax47lNl+obrMAl6LnDsmqO6LI4XK0QanMi19EAkvoFc7JmZNEJTRG2uqY8pTR84tJVXfmR7Dk5CJCe/cQ6H6rtg==)

_

