## LAURA MONSON

| | Title| Associate Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Surgery  
Address| 6701 FANNIN  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=Gqol82SJDYT7VYDjwHnBJ%2fqJIwQ%3d&rnd=203cd93e-b7cd-45d1-9297-14c25b00fb48)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=268679)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=268679&cachekey=bb4d6075-3039-4211-ac8f-be22d2287262)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Overview  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
overview

Dr. Laura A. Monson received her fellowship training at Children's Hospital of
Pittsburgh in craniofacial surgery with further dedicated training in
pediatric plastic and craniofacial surgery, including the treatment of
craniosynostosis, cleft lip and palate, vascular anomalies, and orthognathic
surgery.  
  
During her residency training, she spent a year in the Orthopedic Research
Laboratory where she studied an animal model of distraction osteogenesis of
the mandible. The study focused on optimizing the growth of new bone in
unfavorable conditions, such as after radiation. Her current research focus is
on investigating the clinical outcomes of our pediatric plastic and
craniofacial patients, especially our cleft patients from infancy through
adulthood.  
  
Dr. Monson considers herself fortunate to practice at Texas Children's
Hospital where she is part of our multi-disciplinary, craniofacial and plastic
surgery clinic. We have a wonderful team of dedicated staff, as well as four
full-time dedicated pediatric plastic and craniofacial surgeons and a full-
time craniofacial orthodontist who have all trained at the best institutions
in the country. We have a mission to provide the highest quality of care in a
multi-disciplinary, patient-centered manner with a strong focus on measuring
objective outcomes in order to further advance our field.  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
keywords

  * [Clinical outcomes Quality of life Cleft lip and palate](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Clinical outcomes
Quality of life

Cleft lip and palate&exactphrase=false)

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Davis MJ, [Roy MG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17936064), Burns HR, Yim N, [Wilson KD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268486), Moore EE, [Buchanan EP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474), **Monson LA**. Velopharyngeal Insufficiency Following Furlow Versus Straight Line Repair With Intravelar Veloplasty: A Single-institution Experience. J Craniofac Surg. 2023 Nov 20. PMID: [37982999](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37982999).

Citations:  Fields:

Den DentistryGen General Surgery

  2. Grush AE, Mohan VE, [Roy MG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17936064), Burns HR, **Monson LA**. Plastic surgeon closure is comparable to orthopedic closure when a perioperative optimization protocol is instituted for pediatric patients with neuromuscular scoliosis. Spine J. 2024 Mar; 24(3):454-461. PMID: [37979696](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37979696).

Citations:  Fields:

Ort Orthopedics

Translation:Humans

  3. [Roy MG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17936064), Beh HZ, Ferry AM, Dibbs RP, **Monson LA**. Factors associated with delayed presentation of patients with craniosynostosis. JAAPA. 2021 Dec 01; 34(12):1. PMID: [34813561](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34813561).

Citations:  Fields:

Med Medicine (General)

Translation:Humans

  4. [Zietsman MS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37476692), [Roy MG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17936064), Dibbs RP, Davis MJ, [Wilson KD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268486), [Buchanan EP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474), **Monson LA**. Furlow versus straight line repair with intravelar veloplasty: A 7-year single institution experience. JAAPA. 2021 Dec 01; 34(12):1. PMID: [34813566](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34813566).

Citations:  Fields:

Med Medicine (General)

Translation:Humans

  5. Ferry AM, Mehl SC, [Ferguson SM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/7373272), [Versalovic J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269718), Dunn JJ, Enochs J, **Monson LA** , Hollier LH, Dibbs RP. Screening pediatric surgical patients during the COVID-19 pandemic. JAAPA. 2021 Oct 01; 34(10):43-48. PMID: [34582385](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34582385).

Citations:  Fields:

Med Medicine (General)

Translation:HumansCellsPHPublic Health

  6. [Roy MG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17936064), Davies LA, [Guillen DE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478884), [Sequitin JD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/20663900), [Buchanan EP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474), [Maricevich RS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17873555), Truong TA, **Monson LA**. Cleft Care Packages and the Impact on Postoperative Care Following a Primary Cleft Lip Repair. J Craniofac Surg. 2021 Oct 01; 32(7):2282-2284. PMID: [33606437](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33606437).

Citations:  Fields:

Den DentistryGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  7. Davis MJ, [Roy MG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17936064), **Monson LA**. Analysis of adolescent patient satisfaction and well-being following reduction mammaplasty using the BREAST-Q survey. J Pediatr Surg. 2022 Mar; 57(3):538-543. PMID: [34289933](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34289933).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  8. Mehl SC, Loera JM, Shah SR, [Vogel AM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18830402), Fallon SC, [Glover CD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266797), **Monson LA** , Enochs JA, Hollier LH, Lopez ME. Favorable postoperative outcomes for children with COVID-19 infection undergoing surgical intervention: Experience at a free-standing children's hospital. J Pediatr Surg. 2021 Nov; 56(11):2078-2085. PMID: [33581882](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33581882); PMCID: [PMC7838581](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7838581).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33581882/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryPed Pediatrics

Translation:HumansCells

  9. Dibbs R, Raghuram A, [Roy MG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17936064), Kaufman MG, **Monson LA**. Orthognathic Surgical Treatment in a Patient With Hyperimmunoglobulin E Syndrome. J Craniofac Surg. 2020 May/Jun; 31(3):e251-e254. PMID: [31977682](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31977682).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31977682/citedby/) Fields:

Den DentistryGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  10. Wiggins CJ, [Dempsey RF](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016633), **Monson LA**. Spontaneous Mediastinal Abscess and Sternal Cleft in the Medically Complex Neonate. J Craniofac Surg. 2019 Sep; 30(6):e558-e561. PMID: [30939557](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30939557).

Citations:  Fields:

Den DentistryGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  11. Abu-Ghname A, Masoumy M, **Monson LA**. Cervical Stenosis in Non-Syndromic Pierre Robin Sequence. J Craniofac Surg. 2019 Sep; 30(6):1866-1868. PMID: [31283644](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31283644).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31283644/citedby/) Fields:

Den DentistryGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  12. Schultz KP, Braun TL, Hernandez C, [Wilson KD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268486), Moore EE, [Wirthlin JO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267497), [Dempsey RF](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016633), [Buchanan EP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474), **Monson LA**. Speech Outcomes After LeFort I Advancement Among Cleft Lip and Palate Patients. Ann Plast Surg. 2019 02; 82(2):174-179. PMID: [30570562](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30570562).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  13. [Dempsey RF](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016633), **Monson LA** , [Maricevich RS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17873555), Truong TA, Olarunnipa S, Lam SK, [Dauser RC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268165), Hollier LH, [Buchanan EP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474). Nonsyndromic Craniosynostosis. Clin Plast Surg. 2019 Apr; 46(2):123-139. PMID: [30851746](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30851746).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30851746/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  14. Braun TL, Eisemann BS, [Olorunnipa O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/14348299), [Buchanan EP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474), **Monson LA**. Safety Outcomes in Endoscopic Versus Open Repair of Metopic Craniosynostosis. J Craniofac Surg. 2018 Jun; 29(4):856-860. PMID: [29461368](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29461368).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29461368/citedby/) Fields:

Den DentistryGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  15. Braun TL, Braun JL, Hernandez C, **Monson LA**. Insurance Appeals for Pediatric Reconstructive Surgery: A Micro Cost Analysis and How-to Guide. Ann Plast Surg. 2018 Mar; 80(3):198-204. PMID: [29389708](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29389708).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29389708/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  16. Tchanque-Fossuo CN, Donneys A, Deshpande SS, Sarhaddi D, Nelson NS, **Monson LA** , Dahle SE, Goldstein SA, Buchman SR. Radioprotection With Amifostine Enhances Bone Strength and Regeneration and Bony Union in a Rat Model of Mandibular Distraction Osteogenesis. Ann Plast Surg. 2018 Feb; 80(2):176-180. PMID: [28930778](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28930778); PMCID: [PMC5762393](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5762393).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28930778/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:AnimalsPHPublic Health

  17. Kaufman MG, Hernandez C, **Monson LA** , Braun TL. Shared Medical Appointments for Adolescent Breast Reduction. Ann Plast Surg. 2017 Sep; 79(3):253-258. PMID: [28570465](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28570465).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  18. LoPresti M, [Buchanan EP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474), [Shah V](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8451881), Hadley CM, **Monson LA** , Lam S. Complete Resolution of Papilledema in Syndromic Craniosynostosis with Posterior Cranial Vault Distraction. J Pediatr Neurosci. 2017 Apr-Jun; 12(2):199-202. PMID: [28904587](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28904587); PMCID: [PMC5588654](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5588654).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28904587/citedby/)

  19. Braun TL, Hamilton KL, **Monson LA** , [Buchanan EP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474), Hollier LH. Tissue Expansion in Children. Semin Plast Surg. 2016 Nov; 30(4):155-161. PMID: [27895537](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27895537); PMCID: [PMC5115924](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5115924).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27895537/citedby/)

  20. Nelson NS, Donneys A, Farberg AS, Tchanque-Fossuo CN, Deshpande SS, Buchman SR, **Monson LA**. Amifostine Treatment Mitigates the Damaging Effects of Radiation on Distraction Osteogenesis in the Murine Mandible. Ann Plast Surg. 2016 Aug; 77(2):164-8. PMID: [27070667](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27070667).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27070667/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:AnimalsPHPublic Health

  21. Coursen JS, Rodriguez JR, **Monson LA** , Pickrell BB. Sternal Wound Salvage in Post-Transplant Adolescents: Omental Flap Reconstruction in Patients With Prior Abdominal Surgery. J Craniofac Surg. 2016 Jun; 27(4):e381-4. PMID: [27192657](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27192657).

Citations:  Fields:

Den DentistryGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  22. Allori AC, Kelley T, Meara JG, Albert A, Bonanthaya K, Chapman K, Cunningham M, Daskalogiannakis J, de Gier H, Heggie AA, Hernandez C, Jackson O, Jones Y, Kangesu L, Koudstaal MJ, Kuchhal R, Lohmander A, Long RE, Magee L, **Monson L** , Rose E, Sitzman TJ, Taylor JA, Thorburn G, van Eeden S, Williams C, [Wirthlin JO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267497), Wong KW. A Standard Set of Outcome Measures for the Comprehensive Appraisal of Cleft Care. Cleft Palate Craniofac J. 2017 09; 54(5):540-554. PMID: [27223626](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27223626).

Citations:
[20](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27223626/citedby/) Fields:

Den DentistryGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  23. Lam SK, **Monson LA** , Pickrell BB. Isolated Unilateral Frontosphenoidal Craniosynostosis: A Rare Cause of Anterior Plagiocephaly. J Craniofac Surg. 2015 Sep; 26(6):1944-6. PMID: [26267563](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26267563).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26267563/citedby/) Fields:

Den DentistryGen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  24. Kaufman MG, Cassady CI, Hyman CH, Lee W, Watcha MF, Hippard HK, [Olutoye OA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268442), Khechoyan DY, **Monson LA** , [Buchanan EP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474). Prenatal Identification of Pierre Robin Sequence: A Review of the Literature and Look towards the Future. Fetal Diagn Ther. 2016; 39(2):81-9. PMID: [25967128](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25967128).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25967128/citedby/) Fields:

Dia Diagnostic ImagingObs ObstetricsPer Perinatology

Translation:Humans

  25. Harris DA, Fong AJ, [Buchanan EP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474), **Monson L** , Khechoyan D, Lam S. History of synthetic materials in alloplastic cranioplasty. Neurosurg Focus. 2014 Apr; 36(4):E20. PMID: [24684333](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24684333).

Citations:
[11](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24684333/citedby/) Fields:

Neu Neurosurgery

Translation:Humans

  26. Kayyal TA, Wolfswinkel EM, Weathers WM, Capehart SJ, **Monson LA** , [Buchanan EP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474), [Glover CD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266797). Treatment effects of dexmedetomidine and ketamine on postoperative analgesia after cleft palate repair. Craniomaxillofac Trauma Reconstr. 2014 Jun; 7(2):131-8. PMID: [25045418](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25045418); PMCID: [PMC4078161](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4078161).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25045418/citedby/)

  27. **Monson LA** , Khechoyan DY, [Buchanan EP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474), Hollier LH. Secondary lip and palate surgery. Clin Plast Surg. 2014 Apr; 41(2):301-9. PMID: [24607196](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24607196).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24607196/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  28. **Monson LA** , Kirschner RE, Losee JE. Primary repair of cleft lip and nasal deformity. Plast Reconstr Surg. 2013 Dec; 132(6):1040e-1053e. PMID: [24281609](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24281609).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24281609/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  29. Jing XL, Donneys A, Farberg AS, Buchman SR, **Monson LA**. Dose-response effect of human equivalent radiation in the mandible. J Craniofac Surg. 2013 Sep; 24(5):1593-8. PMID: [24036733](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24036733); PMCID: [PMC5111555](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5111555).

Citations:
[8](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24036733/citedby/) Fields:

Den DentistryGen General Surgery

Translation:HumansAnimalsPHPublic Health

  30. Deshpande SS, **Monson LA** , Cavaliere CM, Ayzengart AL, Buchman SR. Distraction osteogenesis following low-dose hyperfractionated irradiation in the rat mandible. J Oral Maxillofac Surg. 2013 Aug; 71(8):1465-70. PMID: [23866952](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23866952).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23866952/citedby/) Fields:

Den DentistryGen General Surgery

Translation:Animals

  31. **Monson LA**. Bilateral sagittal split osteotomy. Semin Plast Surg. 2013 Aug; 27(3):145-8. PMID: [24872760](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24872760); PMCID: [PMC3805998](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3805998).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24872760/citedby/)

  32. Wolfswinkel EM, Weathers WM, [Wirthlin JO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267497), **Monson LA** , Hollier LH, Khechoyan DY. Management of pediatric mandible fractures. Otolaryngol Clin North Am. 2013 Oct; 46(5):791-806. PMID: [24138738](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24138738).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24138738/citedby/) Fields:

Oto Otolaryngology

Translation:Humans

  33. Oppenheimer AJ, **Monson LA** , Buchman SR. Pediatric orbital fractures. Craniomaxillofac Trauma Reconstr. 2013 Mar; 6(1):9-20. PMID: [24436730](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24436730); PMCID: [PMC3699236](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3699236).

Citations:
[12](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24436730/citedby/)

  34. Tchanque-Fossuo CN, Donneys A, Razdolsky ER, **Monson LA** , Farberg AS, Deshpande SS, Sarhaddi D, Poushanchi B, Goldstein SA, Buchman SR. Quantitative histologic evidence of amifostine-induced cytoprotection in an irradiated murine model of mandibular distraction osteogenesis. Plast Reconstr Surg. 2012 Dec; 130(6):1199-1207. PMID: [22878481](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22878481); PMCID: [PMC3511660](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3511660).

Citations:
[11](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22878481/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:AnimalsCellsPHPublic Health

  35. Jing XL, Farberg AS, **Monson LA** , Donneys A, Tchanque-Fossuo CN, Buchman SR. Radiomorphometric quantitative analysis of vasculature utilizing micro-computed tomography and vessel perfusion in the murine mandible. Craniomaxillofac Trauma Reconstr. 2012 Dec; 5(4):223-30. PMID: [24294405](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24294405); PMCID: [PMC3577600](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3577600).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24294405/citedby/)

  36. **Monson LA** , Cavaliere CM, Deshpande SS, Ayzengart AL, Buchman SR. The effects of high dose and highly fractionated radiation on distraction osteogenesis in the murine mandible. Radiat Oncol. 2012 Sep 07; 7:151. PMID: [22958832](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22958832); PMCID: [PMC3494577](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3494577).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22958832/citedby/) Fields:

Neo NeoplasmsRad Radiotherapy

Translation:AnimalsPHPublic Health

  37. Farberg AS, Jing XL, **Monson LA** , Donneys A, Tchanque-Fossuo CN, Deshpande SS, Buchman SR. Deferoxamine reverses radiation induced hypovascularity during bone regeneration and repair in the murine mandible. Bone. 2012 May; 50(5):1184-7. PMID: [22314387](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22314387); PMCID: [PMC3322244](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3322244).

Citations:
[28](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22314387/citedby/) Fields:

Met MetabolismOrt Orthopedics

Translation:Animals

  38. Tchanque-Fossuo CN, **Monson LA** , Farberg AS, Donneys A, Deshpande SS, Razdolsky ER, Halonen NR, Goldstein SA, Buchman SR. Dose-response effect of human equivalent radiation in the murine mandible: Part II. A biomechanical assessment. Plast Reconstr Surg. 2011 Nov; 128(5):480e-487e. PMID: [22030507](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22030507); PMCID: [PMC4489566](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4489566).

Citations:
[20](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22030507/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:HumansAnimalsPHPublic Health

  39. Tchanque-Fossuo CN, **Monson LA** , Farberg AS, Donneys A, Zehtabzadeh AJ, Razdolsky ER, Buchman SR. Dose-response effect of human equivalent radiation in the murine mandible: part I. A histomorphometric assessment. Plast Reconstr Surg. 2011 Jul; 128(1):114-121. PMID: [21701328](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21701328); PMCID: [PMC3132535](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3132535).

Citations:
[24](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21701328/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:HumansAnimals

  40. Fregene A, Jing XL, **Monson LA** , Buchman SR. Alteration in volumetric bone mineralization density gradation patterns in mandibular distraction osteogenesis following radiation therapy. Plast Reconstr Surg. 2009 Oct; 124(4):1237-1244. PMID: [19935308](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19935308).

Citations:
[12](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19935308/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Animals

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 40 publications over 13 distinct years, with a maximum of
6 publications in 2013 and
2021](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|6&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,17,0,33,67,100,50,33,67,33,50,67,17,100,0,33,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2009| 1  
2011| 2  
2012| 4  
2013| 6  
2014| 3  
2015| 2  
2016| 4  
2017| 2  
2018| 3  
2019| 4  
2020| 1  
2021| 6  
2023| 2  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

MONSON's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (139)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Cleft Lip](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/258084)
  * [Mandible](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/243558)
  * [Cleft Palate](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/261715)
  * [Osteogenesis, Distraction](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/257090)
  * [Craniosynostoses](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/240107)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268679/198)

_

Co-Authors (17)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [ROY, MICHELLE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17936064)
  * [BUCHANAN, EDWARD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474)
  * [Zietsman, Maryshe](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37476692)
  * [WILSON, KRISTINA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268486)
  * [DEMPSEY, ROB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016633)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268679/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [ROHRICH, RODNEY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/30445263)
  * [BUCHANAN, EDWARD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268474)
  * [HANASONO, MATTHEW M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583443)
  * [CHANG, EDWARD I-FEI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583166)
  * [BUTLER, CHARLES E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582594)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268679/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [GORDLEY, KYLE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268427)
  * [GUILLEN, DIANA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478884)
  * [HU, LINDA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/38481408)
  * [WILSON, KRISTINA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268486)
  * [XUE, AMY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/34584590)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [LEE, TIMOTHY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269439)
  * [MAZZIOTTI, MARK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269091)
  * [MINIFEE, PAUL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266524)
  * [WESSON, DAVID](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267008)
  * [WIRTHLIN, JOHN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267497)

_

