## ANDREA RAMIREZ

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=F6U082DGbrn0S4b%2f5WHiKLeBaRSOgg%3d%3d&rnd=be0843fb-e5b9-4f73-b4c9-21eba6da6ded)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=269016)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Wood S, Branch J, Vasquez P, [DeGuzman MM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269765), Brown A, Sagcal-Gironella AC, Singla S, **Ramirez A** , [Vogel TP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18883198). Th17/1 and ex-Th17 cells are detected in patients with polyarticular juvenile arthritis and increase following treatment. Pediatr Rheumatol Online J. 2024 Mar 02; 22(1):32. PMID: [38431635](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38431635); PMCID: [PMC10908086](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10908086).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped PediatricsRhe Rheumatology

Translation:HumansCells

  2. Stubbs LA, Ogunbona O, Beil E, [Szafron V](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/38414277), [Adesina A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268657), [Anvari S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/7968117), [Lai J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/29494249), **Ramirez A** , Ditzler MG, [DeGuzman M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269765). Juvenile eosinophilic fasciitis: a single center case series. Pediatr Rheumatol Online J. 2024 Feb 24; 22(1):29. PMID: [38395889](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38395889); PMCID: [PMC10893626](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10893626).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped PediatricsRhe Rheumatology

Translation:Humans

  3. Neubauer HC, [Lopez MA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268784), [Haq HA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478926), Ouellette L, **Ramirez AA** , [Wallace SS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265883). Viral Coinfections in Kawasaki Disease: A Meta-analysis. Hosp Pediatr. 2023 Jun 01; 13(6):e153-e169. PMID: [37170763](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37170763).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/37170763/citedby/) Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  4. Bray M, Rammel J, **RAMIREZ A** , Sexson K, Lam F, Muscal E, De Guzman M. . Kawasaki Disease Shock Syndrome: A Single Center Cohort 2020; 72 (suppl 4). https://acrabstracts.org/abstract/kawasaki-disease-shock-syndrome-a-single-center-cohor. Arthritis Rheumatol. 2021; suppl 4(72 ). [View Publication](https://acrabstracts.org/abstract/kawasaki-disease-shock-syndrome-a-single-center-cohort/).

  5. Pereira M, Gillispie-Taylor M, Patel P, Nelson M, Awa U, Bray M, Brown A, **RAMIREZ A** , Nguyen M, Singla S, Vogel T, Muscal E, De Guzman M, Hastings E, Russell A, Lakenmacher K. . Impact of a Nutrition-Focused Quality Improvement Intervention on Hospital Readmission Rates in Henoch-Sch√∂nlein Purpura with Gastrointestinal Involvement. Arthritis Rheumatol. 2020; suppl 4(72). [View Publication](https://acrabstracts.org/abstract/impact-of-a-nutrition-focused-quality-improvement-intervention-on-hospital-readmission-rates-in-henoch-schonlein-purpura-with-gastrointestinal-involvement/).

  6. . Tocilizumab Use in Pediatrics With Systemic Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis: Single Center Data. Arthritis Rheumatol. 2017; 69(4). [View Publication](http://acrabstracts.org/abstract/tocilizumab-use-in-pediatrics-with-systemic-juvenile-idiopathic-arthritis-single-center-data/).

  7. American College of Rheumatology Image Library Subcommittee. Winners of the 2016 American College of Rheumatology Annual Image Competition. Arthritis Rheumatol. 2017 05; 69(5):924-925. PMID: [28217921](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28217921).

Citations:  Fields:

Rhe Rheumatology

Translation:Humans

  8. American College of Rheumatology Audiovisual Aids Subcommittee. Winners of the 2014 and 2015 American College of Rheumatology Annual Image Competition. Arthritis Rheumatol. 2016 05; 68(5):1072-5. PMID: [26895339](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26895339).

Citations:  Fields:

Rhe Rheumatology

Translation:HumansCells

  9. American College of Rheumatology Audiovisual Aids Subcommittee. Winners of the 2013 American College of Rheumatology Annual Image Competition. Arthritis Rheumatol. 2014 May; 66(5):1070-1. PMID: [24777930](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24777930).

Citations:  Fields:

Rhe Rheumatology

Translation:Humans

  10. American College of Rheumatology Audiovisual Aids Subcommittee. Winners of the 2012 American College of Rheumatology annual image competition. Arthritis Rheum. 2013 Apr; 65(4):851-2. PMID: [23553704](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23553704).

Citations:  Fields:

Rhe Rheumatology

Translation:Humans

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 10 publications over 8 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in 2017 and
2024](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,50,0,50,100,0,0,50,50,0,50,100&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2013| 1  
2014| 1  
2016| 1  
2017| 2  
2020| 1  
2021| 1  
2023| 1  
2024| 2  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

RAMIREZ's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (59)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Awards and Prizes](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/239779)
  * [Rheumatology](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/253595)
  * [Arthritis, Juvenile](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/257993)
  * [Osteoarthropathy, Primary Hypertrophic](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/261398)
  * [Polyarteritis Nodosa](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/244965)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269016/198)

_

Co-Authors (9)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [DEGUZMAN, MARIETTA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269765)
  * [VOGEL, TIPHANIE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18883198)
  * [WALLACE, SOWDHAMINI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265883)
  * [ADESINA, ADEKUNLE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268657)
  * [ANVARI, SARA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/7968117)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269016/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [SINGH, JASVINDER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/47100929)
  * [SUAREZ-ALMAZOR, MARIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583856)
  * [YILDIRIM TORUNER, CAGRI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31785621)
  * [GILLISPIE-TAYLOR, MIRIAH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/35241227)
  * [KESWANI, SUNDEEP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/11419586)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269016/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [CURRY, MARTHA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268078)
  * [KWAN, OLIVIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/40963401)
  * [NGUYEN, MAILAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/30445282)
  * [WILKING, ANDREW P.](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267976)
  * [YILDIRIM TORUNER, CAGRI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31785621)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [DEGUZMAN, MARIETTA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269765)
  * [MOODIE, DOUGLAS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266118)
  * [MUSCAL, EYAL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270252)
  * [ORJUELA, ALVARO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009928)
  * [PEREZ, JEANNE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3494041)

_

