## XIN MA

| | Title| Adjunct Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pathology & Immunology  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=LqYxwWfELcXwQpo%3d&rnd=c093fd8f-bd91-44cd-
bead-34f40ecc2f3e)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=269353)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=269353&cachekey=8e42ead5-40b2-4fb7-a259-3bbb171123b1)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Overview  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
overview

Dr. Xin Ma, ACLM/IBLM Board-certified Lifestyle Medicine Specialist, has been
passionate on chronic disease prevention, reversal, and wellness. Chronic
diseases, including cardiovascular disease, cancer, metabolic diseases, and
some chronic infections (e.g. tuberculosis) account for 80% disease burden and
healthcare cost nationwide and worldwide. Research data has concluded that
unhealthy lifestyle contributes more than 60% of the risk factors. Dr. Ma and
his team strive to improve and practice lifestyle medicine through public and
patients' education, training, and research. Dr. Ma is member of American
College of Lifestyle Medicine, Research Co-chair of Asian Society of Lifestyle
Medicine, and Founding member and country representative of Chinese Society of
Lifestyle Medicine.  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Deng Y, Li Y, Wang F, Gao D, Li L, Teeter LD, [Graviss EA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267536), **Ma X**. Tuberculosis prevention in healthcare workers in China 10 years after the severe acute respiratory syndrome pandemic. ERJ Open Res. 2015 May; 1(1). PMID: [27730135](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27730135); PMCID: [PMC5005135](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5005135).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27730135/citedby/)

  2. Jing H, Tan W, Deng Y, Gao D, Li L, Lu Z, [Graviss EA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267536), **Ma X**. Diagnostic delay of pulmonary nontuberculous mycobacterial infection in China. Multidiscip Respir Med. 2014; 9(1):48. PMID: [25264489](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25264489); PMCID: [PMC4177178](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4177178).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25264489/citedby/)

  3. Li X, Deng Y, Lin L, Gao D, [Graviss EA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267536), **Ma X**. HIV infection among TB and non-TB patients in China, 2009-2012. J Infect. 2014 Apr; 68(4):399-400. PMID: [24412569](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24412569).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24412569/citedby/) Fields:

Com Communicable Diseases

Translation:Humans

  4. Jing H, Wang H, Wang Y, Deng Y, Li X, Liu Z, [Graviss EA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267536), **Ma X**. Prevalence of nontuberculous mycobacteria infection, China, 2004-2009. Emerg Infect Dis. 2012 Mar; 18(3):527-8. PMID: [22376989](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22376989); PMCID: [PMC3309567](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3309567).

Citations:
[26](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22376989/citedby/) Fields:

Com Communicable Diseases

Translation:HumansCells

  5. Deng Y, Wang Y, Wang J, Jing H, Yu C, Wang H, Liu Z, [Graviss EA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267536), **Ma X**. Laboratory-based surveillance of extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis, China. Emerg Infect Dis. 2011 Mar; 17(3):495-7. PMID: [21392442](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21392442); PMCID: [PMC3165999](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3165999).

Citations:
[15](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21392442/citedby/) Fields:

Com Communicable Diseases

Translation:HumansCells

  6. **Ma X** , Wang H, Deng Y, Liu Z, Xu Y, Pan X, Musser JM, [Graviss EA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267536). rpoB Gene mutations and molecular characterization of rifampin-resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis isolates from Shandong Province, China. J Clin Microbiol. 2006 Sep; 44(9):3409-12. PMID: [16954287](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16954287); PMCID: [PMC1594713](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1594713).

Citations:
[31](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16954287/citedby/) Fields:

Mic Microbiology

Translation:HumansCellsPHPublic Health

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 6 publications over 5 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in
2014](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,0,0,0,0,50,50,0,100,50,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2006| 1  
2011| 1  
2012| 1  
2014| 2  
2015| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

MA's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (39)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Mycobacterium tuberculosis](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/244197)
  * [Nontuberculous Mycobacteria](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/246920)
  * [Coinfection](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27546480)
  * [Mycobacterium Infections, Nontuberculous](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/251146)
  * [Extensively Drug-Resistant Tuberculosis](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/250547)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269353/198)

_

Co-Authors (1)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [GRAVISS, EDWARD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267536)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269353/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [LANGE, CHRISTOPH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/34309720)
  * [MANDALAKAS, ANNA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269968)
  * [STARKE, JEFFREY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269621)
  * [GRAVISS, EDWARD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267536)
  * [CRUZ, ANDREA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269697)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269353/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [FISHER, KEVIN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8451894)
  * [POPLI, POOJA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/36746665)
  * [RAMINENI, MAHESHWARI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/20310275)
  * [SCHLATT, STEFAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2619423)
  * [YEN, LAISING](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265698)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=A81BSfTwU3GNm4liSODkW6vB3EBYO6gz+a5TY1bFhuz1tc7ngL4Orww3064KoquG+9VriFtrDjogfSknlN6Jz7ictMT0qk3g10zM0TMIEPsEyvmx6bLpcnNFGJ4exv4/fFAesBf4NHrkI4nVpsBeSKg1prKuDu5Ad3xZR2IG1VXzQt2Kl5Hs5a708T2/vlG+0DSye5g9KBjG4Q1kuBhnZAsDzRQkDR38klnZT2UlnG774nyA2dru0SIu9XaJe2Vd5sGS5MfW+ZRpNT79jDpQICGGFNfg5WTlXIPkbYJjpf3YGfCjPCJ3A81UJRyGY9MF14VFc7hjK08KUw/CXldSQkQX94mkjqn1GRbJZcV6q8YMdcbUB3UeVgUHmLQA7INKLsictgHvVcL1tc7ngL4Or2BgPoCYhvcEdI9fj5a9U4/8OigV51+oglRnSu//SLHvjH1HWb7OWmYrCEOhNlmBq7Z/PsLHWsJSZIAfV8346VMVWsQSiN3oIGGN9jLXSZC010kNGYH6yvTtuL5pI2IiiZgevCUih0f3vmYbjqDWiC08TnyRrJKGE/Ija0iyg/oaKwhDoTZZgau2fz7Cx1rCUmSAH1fN+OlTFVrEEojd6CBhjfYy10mQtNdJDRmB+sr0qj61OBf+xqDD+6Clu8wvckIBgwTrFvbm7X3tdBvSWESSFAIovZGCSzP0EoNHt5PiUF26eANDXMkWXAx5IRPustF+EEOAWlaZMfmQk2RtrZ+5gidyEWGgqATN/PyW6vHZjcQbuuaMR4JpF2jOOFZEaWue6vkhtoRwwfdN4TTmOan9ztqBxhOvMb+us3lPmnf2tt1S1Z0IDTE7qPP/7M2jzFN6foNWCqqLRb/LXAdoFsRpMPt345sB8SI9K3ixiSN+kccJVanciBCNm4liSODkW2tuMX0EQMJeJ1NvmZC7MMfIH0G3DzFa7Ww3kCPpSspax47lNl+obrMAl6LnDsmqO6LI4XK0QanMi19EAkvoFc7JmZNEJTRG2uqY8pTR84tJVXfmR7Dk5CJCe/cQ6H6rtg==)

_

