## DANIELA DINU

| | Title| Associate Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=Eqo%2b6GDLIcXRT4H4wHnBJ%2fqJIwQ%3d&rnd=0ae3b288-09f1-4929-84b4-e465467f2de6)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=270016)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. **Dinu D** , [Hagan JL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2560329), Rozance PJ. Variability in Diagnosis and Management of Hypoglycemia in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. Am J Perinatol. 2024 Apr 02. PMID: [38565171](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38565171).

Citations:  Fields:

Per Perinatology

  2. **Dinu D** , [Pammi M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270201), [Hagan JL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2560329). Insulin therapy in pre-term infants: Friend or foe? Acta Paediatr. 2023 10; 112(10):2243-2244. PMID: [37341183](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37341183).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  3. **Dinu D** , [Gokulakrishnan G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265702). EBNEO commentary: Dextrose gel for neonates at risk with asymptomatic hypoglycaemia: A randomised clinical trial. Acta Paediatr. 2023 08; 112(8):1824-1825. PMID: [37118917](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37118917).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  4. **DINU D** , Gannon C, Gokulakhrishnan G . Guidelines for the Acute Care of the Neonate,. Hypoglycemia. 2022.

  5. . **DINU D** , Gannon C, Gokulakhrishnan G . Guidelines for the Acute Care of the Neonate. Hyperglycemia. 2022.

  6. **DINU D** . Guidelines for the Acute Care of the Neonate. Management of neonates with Pierre Robin Sequence and severe micrognathia. 2022.

  7. Carlton S, Hair A, Premkumar M, Hagan J, **DINU D** . Incidence of elevated conjugated hyperbilirubinemia in newborns with hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia. Resident Scholarship Day, Texas Children’s Hospital,. 2022.

  8. Williams T, Toy C, Hagan J, Katakam L, **DINU D** . Implementation of a nursing led titration protocol to facilitate weaning of intravenous dextrose in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, Baylor College of Medicine 8th Annual Quality Improvement and Patient Safety Conference, Houston, TX April 28, 2022. 2022.

  9. Ahmad I, Wagner T, Resnik C, Rottgers A, **DINU D** , Gogcu S, Cielo C . Clinical Presentation and Outcomes for Infants with Micrognathia: a report from the Children’s Hospitals Neonatal Consortium Micrognathia Focus Group, Pediatric Academic Societies Annual Meeting, Denver, CO, April 21-25, 2022. 2022.

  10. **DINU D** , Hagan J, Rozance P. . Survey of Neonatologists perspectives regarding diagnosis and management of hypoglycemia, Pediatric Academic Societies Annual Meeting, Denver, CO, April 21-25, 2022. 2022.

  11. 1\. Itriago E, Ligappan K, Teruya J, **DINU D** . Hemolysis in Neonates Born to Mothers With History of SARS-CoV-2 Infection During Pregnancy: A Case Series. International Journal of Clinical Pediatrics. 2022; 11(1):27-32.

  12. **Dinu D** , Rozance P. Real-time continuous glucose monitoring in preterm infants (react): An International, open-label, randomised, controlled trial. Acta Paediatr. 2021 09; 110(9):2656-2657. PMID: [34121224](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34121224).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  13. Manor J, **Dinu D** , Azamian MS, [Bi W](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266446), [Darilek S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268941), [Lalani SR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269910). A rare description of pure partial trisomy of 16q12.2q24.3 and review of the literature. Am J Med Genet A. 2021 10; 185(10):2903-2912. PMID: [34061437](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34061437); PMCID: [PMC9082733](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9082733).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:HumansCells

  14. Fatemizadeh R, Rodman E, Demmler-Harrison GJ, **Dinu D**. Rhizopus Infection in a Preterm Infant: A Novel Use of Posaconazole. Pediatr Infect Dis J. 2020 04; 39(4):310-312. PMID: [32084112](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32084112).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32084112/citedby/) Fields:

Com Communicable DiseasesPed Pediatrics

Translation:HumansAnimals

  15. Chetta K, Morice C, Merchant N, Welty s, Bacino CA, Potocki L, **DINU D** . – Severe Pancytopenia in a Premature Infant. Clinical Pediatrics. 2016; 795-797.

  16. **Dinu D** , Chu C, Veith A, Lingappan K, [Couroucli X](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266998), Jefcoate CR, Sheibani N, [Moorthy B](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268139). Mechanistic role of cytochrome P450 (CYP)1B1 in oxygen-mediated toxicity in pulmonary cells: A novel target for prevention of hyperoxic lung injury. Biochem Biophys Res Commun. 2016 08 05; 476(4):346-351. PMID: [27235555](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27235555); PMCID: [PMC4935552](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4935552).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27235555/citedby/) Fields:

Bio BiochemistryBio Biophysics

Translation:HumansAnimalsCells

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 16 publications over 6 distinct years, with a maximum of 8
publications in
2022](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|8&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,25,0,0,0,13,25,100,25,13&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2016| 2  
2020| 1  
2021| 2  
2022| 8  
2023| 2  
2024| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

DINU's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (39)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Infant, Premature](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/246799)
  * [Hypoglycemia](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/260115)
  * [Blood Glucose Self-Monitoring](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/264337)
  * [Mucormycosis](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/241913)
  * [Hyperglycemia](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/243134)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270016/198)

_

Co-Authors (9)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [HAGAN, JOSEPH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2560329)
  * [GOKULAKRISHNAN, GANGA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265702)
  * [MOORTHY, BHAGAVATULA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268139)
  * [HARRISON, GAIL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266414)
  * [PAMMI, MOHAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270201)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270016/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [KONTOYIANNIS, DIMITRIOS P](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582577)
  * [MOORTHY, BHAGAVATULA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268139)
  * [LAPILLONNE, ALEXANDRE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265714)
  * [DESALVO, DANIEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15317941)
  * [HAYMOND, MOREY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268333)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270016/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [DASNADI, SHAEEQUA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6337563)
  * [GANDHI, BHERU](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15578269)
  * [HALE, STEPHANIE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37888843)
  * [KULKARNI, MADHULIKA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010334)
  * [UMBRIACO, ERIN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009818)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [ALEGRE, IRENE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2619414)
  * [ASHLIN, MELISSA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2619351)
  * [DEAL, STEPHANIE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267472)
  * [HAIR, AMY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268745)
  * [THOMAS, SHINO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010563)

_

