## MICHELLE MANN

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=O6g482zUI4TVRIzgrn7GPw%3d%3d&rnd=1b922b2f-f270-4f53-a7e2-e23ea0145cd4)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=270065)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Malone LA, Morrow A, Chen Y, Curtis D, de Ferranti SD, Desai M, Fleming TK, Giglia TM, Hall TA, Henning E, Jadhav S, Johnston AM, Kathirithamby DRC, Kokorelis C, Lachenauer C, Li L, Lin HC, Locke T, MacArthur C, **Mann M** , McGrath-Morrow SA, Ng R, Ohlms L, [Risen S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15317836), Sadreameli SC, Sampsel S, Tejtel SKS, Silver JK, Simoneau T, Srouji R, Swami S, Torbey S, Gutierrez MV, Williams CN, Zimmerman LA, Vaz LE. Multi-disciplinary collaborative consensus guidance statement on the assessment and treatment of postacute sequelae of SARS-CoV-2 infection (PASC) in children and adolescents. PM R. 2022 10; 14(10):1241-1269. PMID: [36169159](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36169159); PMCID: [PMC9538628](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9538628).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/36169159/citedby/) Fields:

Phy Physical and Rehabilitation MeTra Traumatology

Translation:HumansCells

  2. Middour-Oxler B, Hirschmann K, Chace C, Collins L, Gordon C, **Mann M** , Swope C, George C. "Acquiring the Skills Needed to Communicate What Is in Our Teams' Heart: Love, Compassion and Partnership": Qualitative Analysis of Intact Multidisciplinary Teams' Experience of Relationship-Centered Communication Training. J Patient Exp. 2022; 9:23743735221103025. PMID: [35677227](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35677227); PMCID: [PMC9168940](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9168940).

Citations:

  3. Cameron LH, Peloquin CA, Hiatt P, **Mann M** , [Starke JR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269621), Faircloth J, [McNeil JC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268785), Patel A, Ruiz F. Administration and monitoring of clofazimine for NTM infections in children with and without cystic fibrosis. J Cyst Fibros. 2022 03; 21(2):348-352. PMID: [34479810](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34479810).

Citations:  Fields:

Pul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:HumansCells

  4. Moheet A, Beisang D, Zhang L, Sagel SD, VanDalfsen JM, Heltshe SL, **Mann M** , Antos N, Billings J, Rowe SM, Moran A, PROSPECT Investigators of the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Therapeutics Development Network, Frederick C. Lumacaftor/ivacaftor therapy fails to increase insulin secretion in F508del/F508del CF patients. J Cyst Fibros. 2021 03; 20(2):333-338. PMID: [32917547](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32917547); PMCID: [PMC7937760](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7937760).

Citations:

  5. **Mann M** , Goetz D, [Leung DH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268208), Borowitz D. Starting an academic career and starting a family: challenges and some potential solutions. J Pediatr. 2014 Sep; 165(3):430-1. PMID: [25152148](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25152148).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  6. **Mann M** , Waz W, Poupoulos J, Kadle R, Korn A, Vaughan R, Borowitz D. Urinary sodium to creatinine ratio in healthy infants. Clin Pediatr (Phila). 2012 Sep; 51(9):852-5. PMID: [22718704](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22718704).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22718704/citedby/) Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  7. **Mann MC** , Fan LL, Moore RH, Burrows PE. An unusual cause of chest pain in a child. J Pediatr. 2011 Jun; 158(6):1035. PMID: [21310432](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21310432).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  8. Lucidi RS, [Witz CA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265904), Chrisco M, Binkley PA, Shain SA, Schenken RS. A novel in vitro model of the early endometriotic lesion demonstrates that attachment of endometrial cells to mesothelial cells is dependent on the source of endometrial cells. Fertil Steril. 2005 Jul; 84(1):16-21. PMID: [16009148](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16009148).

Citations:
[31](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16009148/citedby/) Fields:

Rep Reproductive Medicine

Translation:HumansCells

  9. Vatta M, Mohapatra B, Jimenez S, Sanchez X, Faulkner G, Perles Z, Sinagra G, Lin JH, Vu TM, Zhou Q, Bowles KR, Di Lenarda A, Schimmenti L, Fox M, Chrisco MA, Murphy RT, McKenna W, Elliott P, Bowles NE, Chen J, Valle G, Towbin JA. Mutations in Cypher/ZASP in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy and left ventricular non-compaction. J Am Coll Cardiol. 2003 Dec 03; 42(11):2014-27. PMID: [14662268](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/14662268).

Citations:
[168](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/14662268/citedby/)
Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  10. Mohapatra B, Jimenez S, Lin JH, Bowles KR, Coveler KJ, Marx JG, Chrisco MA, Murphy RT, Lurie PR, [Schwartz RJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267508), Elliott PM, Vatta M, McKenna W, Towbin JA, Bowles NE. Mutations in the muscle LIM protein and alpha-actinin-2 genes in dilated cardiomyopathy and endocardial fibroelastosis. Mol Genet Metab. 2003 Sep-Oct; 80(1-2):207-15. PMID: [14567970](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/14567970).

Citations:
[106](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/14567970/citedby/)
Fields:

Bio BiochemistryMet MetabolismMol Molecular Biology

Translation:HumansAnimalsCells

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 10 publications over 8 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in 2003 and
2022](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,100,0,50,0,0,0,0,0,50,50,0,50,0,0,0,0,0,50,50,100,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2003| 2  
2005| 1  
2011| 1  
2012| 1  
2014| 1  
2020| 1  
2021| 1  
2022| 2  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

MANN's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (85)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Work](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/261577)
  * [Faculty, Medical](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/262866)
  * [Sodium](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/258352)
  * [Family](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/247404)
  * [Creatinine](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/255881)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270065/198)

_

Co-Authors (7)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [LEUNG, DANIEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268208)
  * [SCHWARTZ, ROBERT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267508)
  * [SEXSON TEJTEL, SARA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267598)
  * [RISEN, SARAH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15317836)
  * [STARKE, JEFFREY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269621)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270065/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [LEUNG, DANIEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268208)
  * [WEHRENS, XANDER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270302)
  * [TURNER, TERI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266661)
  * [BRUERA, EDUARDO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582968)
  * [STORCH, ERIC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478906)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270065/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [BHATT, NEELAM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/34318455)
  * [MUKHARESH, LANA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/49466770)
  * [SCHRADER, ANNA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17936060)
  * [TYPALDOS, MARLENE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/14348417)
  * [VILLAFRANCO, NATALIE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15317791)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [CHEN, MIAO-HSUEH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266135)
  * [KANCHERLA, BINAL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269141)
  * [MCMANEMY, JULIE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267484)
  * [MURRAY, KRISTY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267299)
  * [RAMA, JENNIFER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265587)

_

