## ERIC SILBERFEIN

| | Title| Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Surgery  
Address| 1504 TAUB LOOP  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=M6EjwWfELcXwQpo%3d&rnd=f78beba2-c0e0-4c80-bb43-b43e3c80643d)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=270206)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=270206&cachekey=786f3548-9189-45e2-9fdb-c77dc783d457)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Overview  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
overview

Dr. Eric Silberfein currently bases his surgical oncology practice at Ben Taub
Hospital and dedicates his time to caring for the underserved population of
Houston. He is also interested in the education of residents and medical
students by improving their knowledge and skills through formal curriculum.  
  
Dr. Silberfein serves as the Cancer Liaison Physician for the Commission on
Cancer arm of the American College of Surgeons, and represents the Association
of American Medical Colleges as a member of the Council of Faculty and
Academic Societies.  
  
Dr. Silberfeinâ€™s research interests include the natural history of solid organ
tumors and the multidisciplinary therapy of solid organ malignancy. Dr.
Silberfein has received multiple teaching awards and honors.  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
keywords

  * [Solid organ tumors Therapy of solid organ malignancy Cancer in minority populations](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Solid organ tumors
Therapy of solid organ malignancy

Cancer in minority populations&exactphrase=false)

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Krouse RS, Anderson GL, Arnold KB, Thomson CA, Nfonsam VN, Al-Kasspooles MF, Walker JL, Sun V, Alvarez Secord A, Han ES, Leon-Takahashi AM, Isla-Ortiz D, Rodgers P, Hendren S, Sanchez Salcedo M, Laryea JA, Graybill WS, Flaherty DC, Mogal H, Miner TJ, Pimiento JM, Kitano M, [Badgwell B](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583475), Whalen G, Lamont JP, Guevara OA, Senthil MS, Dewdney SB, **Silberfein E** , Wright JD, Friday B, Fahy B, Anantha Sathyanarayana S, O'Rourke M, Bakitas M, Sloan J, Grant M, Deutsch GB, Deneve JL. Surgical versus non-surgical management for patients with malignant bowel obstruction (S1316): a pragmatic comparative effectiveness trial. Lancet Gastroenterol Hepatol. 2023 10; 8(10):908-918. PMID: [37541263](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37541263); PMCID: [PMC10530384](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10530384).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/37541263/citedby/) Fields:

Gas Gastroenterology

Translation:Humans

  2. Manisundaram N, Portuondo JI, [Erstad D](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/38813500), **Silberfein E** , Hsu C, [Barakat O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102765), Wood A, Navarro-Cagigas M, [Van Buren G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270068), [Fisher WE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699), Camp ER. Pretreatment Health-Related Quality-of-Life Status and Survival in Pancreatobiliary Surgical Patients. J Am Coll Surg. 2023 04 01; 236(4):861-870. PMID: [36728341](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36728341).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General SurgeryGyn GynecologyObs Obstetrics

Translation:Humans

  3. Izzo F, Mason MC, **Silberfein EJ** , Massarweh NN, Hsu C, [Tran Cao HS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16960385), Palaia R, Piccirillo M, Belli A, Patrone R, Fusco R, Granata V, [Curley SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3708901). Long-Term Survival and Curative-Intent Treatment in Hepatitis B or C Virus-Associated Hepatocellular Carcinoma Patients Diagnosed during Screening. Biology (Basel). 2022 Nov 01; 11(11). PMID: [36358298](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36358298); PMCID: [PMC9687526](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9687526).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/36358298/citedby/)

  4. Mickel TA, Kutlu OC, **Silberfein EJ** , Hsu C, [Chai CY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102668), Fisher WE, [Van Buren G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270068), Camp ER. Factors associated with inability to return to intended oncologic treatment in pancreatic cancer. Am J Surg. 2022 07; 224(1 Pt B):635-640. PMID: [35249728](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35249728).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  5. Vitiello GA, Wang A, Lee RM, Russell MC, Yopp A, Ryon EL, Goel N, Luu S, Hsu C, **Silberfein E** , Correa-Gallego C, Berman RS, Lee AY. Surgical resection of early stage hepatocellular carcinoma improves patient survival at safety net hospitals. J Surg Oncol. 2021 Mar; 123(4):963-969. PMID: [33497478](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33497478).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33497478/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryNeo Neoplasms

Translation:Humans

  6. Kronenfeld JP, Ryon EL, Goldberg D, Lee RM, Yopp A, Wang A, Lee AY, Luu S, Hsu C, **Silberfein E** , Russell MC, Merchant NB, Goel N. Survival inequity in vulnerable populations with early-stage hepatocellular carcinoma: a United States safety-net collaborative analysis. HPB (Oxford). 2021 06; 23(6):868-876. PMID: [33487553](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33487553); PMCID: [PMC8205960](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8205960).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33487553/citedby/) Fields:

Gas Gastroenterology

Translation:Humans

  7. Ryon EL, Kronenfeld JP, Lee RM, Yopp A, Wang A, Lee AY, Luu S, Hsu C, **Silberfein E** , Russell MC, Goel N, Merchant NB, Datta J. Surgical management of hepatocellular carcinoma patients with portal vein thrombosis: The United States Safety Net and Academic Center Collaborative Analysis. J Surg Oncol. 2021 Feb; 123(2):407-415. PMID: [33125746](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33125746); PMCID: [PMC8221282](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8221282).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33125746/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryNeo Neoplasms

Translation:Humans

  8. Kronenfeld JP, Ryon EL, Goldberg D, Lee RM, Yopp A, Wang A, Lee AY, Luu S, Hsu C, **Silberfein E** , Russell MC, Livingstone AS, Merchant NB, Goel N. Disparities in Presentation at Time of Hepatocellular Carcinoma Diagnosis: A United States Safety-Net Collaborative Study. Ann Surg Oncol. 2021 Apr; 28(4):1929-1936. PMID: [32975686](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32975686); PMCID: [PMC8099037](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8099037).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32975686/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryNeo Neoplasms

Translation:Humans

  9. Lee RM, Gamboa AC, Turgeon MK, Yopp A, Ryon EL, Kronenfeld JP, Goel N, Wang A, Lee AY, Luu S, Hsu C, **Silberfein E** , Maithel SK, Russell MC. Dissecting disease, race, ethnicity, and socioeconomic factors for hepatocellular carcinoma: An analysis from the United States Safety Net Collaborative. Surg Oncol. 2020 Dec; 35:120-125. PMID: [32871546](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32871546); PMCID: [PMC7982991](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7982991).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32871546/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryNeo Neoplasms

Translation:Humans

  10. Turgeon MK, Lee RM, Gamboa AC, Yopp A, Ryon EL, Goel N, Wang A, Lee AY, Luu S, Hsu C, **Silberfein E** , Maithel SK, Russell MC. Impact of hepatitis C treatment on long-term outcomes for patients with hepatocellular carcinoma: a United States Safety Net Collaborative Study. HPB (Oxford). 2021 03; 23(3):422-433. PMID: [32778389](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32778389); PMCID: [PMC7970452](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7970452).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32778389/citedby/) Fields:

Gas Gastroenterology

Translation:Humans

  11. Luu S, Hsu C, **Silberfein EJ**. Demographic and Clinicopathologic Factors of Patients With Hepatocellular Carcinoma in a Safety Net Hospital. J Surg Res. 2020 12; 256:374-380. PMID: [32739621](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32739621).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:HumansPHPublic Health

  12. Lee RM, Gamboa AC, Turgeon MK, Yopp A, Ryon EL, Kronenfeld JP, Goel N, Wang A, Lee AY, Luu S, Hsu C, **Silberfein E** , Maithel SK, Russell MC. The Evolving Landscape of Hepatocellular Carcinoma : A US Safety Net Collaborative Analysis of Etiology of Cirrhosis. Am Surg. 2020 Jul; 86(7):865-872. PMID: [32721171](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32721171); PMCID: [PMC7970329](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7970329).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32721171/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  13. Frankel WC, [Scott BG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269400), Massarweh NN, **Silberfein EJ** , Zhang Q, [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), [LeMaire SA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269388), [Trautner BW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266751). A Multifaceted Research Engagement Program Improved the Academic Productivity of General Surgery Residents. J Surg Educ. 2020 Sep - Oct; 77(5):1082-1087. PMID: [32505672](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32505672).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32505672/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  14. Shah KP, Baugh KA, Brubaker LS, [Van Buren G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270068), Villafane-Ferriol N, McElhany AL, Mohamed S, **Silberfein EJ** , Hsu C, Massarweh NN, [Tran Cao HS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16960385), Mendez-Reyes JE, [Fisher WE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699). Long-Term Assessment of Pancreatic Function After Pancreatectomy for Cystic Neoplasms. J Surg Res. 2020 03; 247:547-555. PMID: [31740011](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31740011); PMCID: [PMC8094044](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8094044).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  15. Deutsch GB, Deneve JL, Al-Kasspooles MF, Nfonsam VN, Gunderson CC, Secord AA, Rodgers P, Hendren S, **Silberfein EJ** , Grant M, Sloan J, Sun V, Arnold KB, Anderson GL, Krouse RS. Intellectual Equipoise and Challenges: Accruing Patients With Advanced Cancer to a Trial Randomizing to Surgical or Nonsurgical Management (SWOG S1316). Am J Hosp Palliat Care. 2020 Jan; 37(1):12-18. PMID: [31122027](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31122027); PMCID: [PMC6868288](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6868288).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31122027/citedby/) Fields:

Nur NursingPal Palliative Care

Translation:Humans

  16. Villafane-Ferriol N, Baugh KA, McElhany AL, [Van Buren G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270068), Fang A, Tashakori EK, Reyes JEM, Cao HST, **Silberfein EJ** , Massarweh N, [Hsu C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102707), [Barakat O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102765), Schmidt C, Zyromski NJ, Dillhoff M, Villarreal JA, [Fisher WE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699). Evidence Versus Practice in Early Drain Removal After Pancreatectomy. J Surg Res. 2019 04; 236:332-339. PMID: [30694774](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30694774); PMCID: [PMC6377814](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6377814).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30694774/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  17. Zamani N, Fallon SC, Bremer A, **Silberfein EJ** , [Rosengart TK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267602), [Scott BG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269400). Using an anonymous, resident-run reporting mechanism to track self-reported duty hours. Am J Surg. 2019 07; 218(1):225-229. PMID: [30665613](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30665613).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30665613/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  18. Baugh KA, Villafane N, [Farinas C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268141), Dhingra S, **Silberfein EJ** , Massarweh NN, Cao HT, [Fisher WE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699), [Van Buren G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270068). Pancreatic Incidentalomas: A Management Algorithm for Identifying Ectopic Spleens. J Surg Res. 2019 04; 236:144-152. PMID: [30694749](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30694749).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30694749/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  19. Baugh KA, [Tran Cao HS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16960385), [van Buren G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270068), **Silberfein EJ** , [Hsu C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102707), [Chai C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102668), [Barakat O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102765), [Fisher WE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699), Massarweh NN. Understaging of clinical stage I pancreatic cancer and the impact of multimodality therapy. Surgery. 2019 02; 165(2):307-314. PMID: [30243481](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30243481).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30243481/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  20. Mohammed S, Mendez-Reyes JE, McElhany A, Gonzales-Luna D, [Van Buren G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270068), Bland DS, Villafane-Ferriol N, Pierzynski JA, West CA, **Silberfein EJ** , [Fisher WE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699). Venous thrombosis following pancreaticoduodenectomy with venous resection. J Surg Res. 2018 08; 228:271-280. PMID: [29907222](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29907222).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29907222/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  21. Villafane-Ferriol N, [Van Buren G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270068), Mendez-Reyes JE, McElhany AL, Massarweh NN, **Silberfein EJ** , [Hsu C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102707), [Tran Cao HS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16960385), Schmidt C, Zyromski NJ, Dillhoff ME, Roch A, Oliva E, Smith AC, Zhang Q, [Fisher WE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699). Sequential drain amylase to guide drain removal following pancreatectomy. HPB (Oxford). 2018 06; 20(6):514-520. PMID: [29478737](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29478737); PMCID: [PMC5995628](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5995628).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29478737/citedby/) Fields:

Gas Gastroenterology

Translation:Humans

  22. Villafane-Ferriol N, Shah RM, Mohammed S, [Van Buren G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270068), [Barakat O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102765), Massarweh NN, [Tran Cao HS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16960385), **Silberfein EJ** , [Hsu C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102707), [Fisher WE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699). Evidence-Based Management of Drains Following Pancreatic Resection: A Systematic Review. Pancreas. 2018 01; 47(1):12-17. PMID: [29232341](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29232341).

Citations:
[9](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29232341/citedby/) Fields:

Gas Gastroenterology

Translation:Humans

  23. Bloomston M, Schmidt CR, Behrman SW, Zyromski NJ, Ball CG, Morgan KA, Hughes SJ, Karanicolas PJ, Allendorf JD, Vollmer CM, Ly Q, Brown KM, Velanovich V, Winter JM, McElhany AL, Muscarella P, Schmidt CM, House MG, Dixon E, Dillhoff ME, Trevino JG, Hallet J, Coburn NSG, Nakeeb A, Behrns KE, Sasson AR, Ceppa EP, Abdel-Misih SRZ, Riall TS, **Silberfein EJ** , Ellison EC, Adams DB, [Hsu C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102707), [Tran Cao HS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16960385), Mohammed S, [Barakat O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102765), Massarweh NN, [Chai C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102668), Mendez-Reyes JE, Fang A, Jo E, Mo Q, [Fisher WE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699), [Van Buren G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270068), Villafa?e-Ferriol N. A Prospective Randomized Multicenter Trial of Distal Pancreatectomy With and Without Routine Intraperitoneal Drainage. Ann Surg. 2017 09; 266(3):421-431. PMID: [28692468](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28692468).

Citations:
[28](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28692468/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  24. [Tran Cao HS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16960385), Zhang Q, [Sada YH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267158), **Silberfein EJ** , [Hsu C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102707), [Van Buren G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270068), [Chai C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102668), [Katz MHG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583491), [Fisher WE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699), Massarweh NN. Value of lymph node positivity in treatment planning for early stage pancreatic cancer. Surgery. 2017 09; 162(3):557-567. PMID: [28666686](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28666686).

Citations:
[8](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28666686/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  25. Mohammed S, Van Buren Ii G, McElhany A, **Silberfein EJ** , [Fisher WE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699). Delayed gastric emptying following pancreaticoduodenectomy: Incidence, risk factors, and healthcare utilization. World J Gastrointest Surg. 2017 Mar 27; 9(3):73-81. PMID: [28396720](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28396720); PMCID: [PMC5366929](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5366929).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28396720/citedby/)

  26. Gilliland TM, Villafane-Ferriol N, Shah KP, Shah RM, [Tran Cao HS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16960385), Massarweh NN, **Silberfein EJ** , [Choi EA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15317944), [Hsu C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102707), McElhany AL, [Barakat O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102765), [Fisher W](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699), [Van Buren G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270068). Nutritional and Metabolic Derangements in Pancreatic Cancer and Pancreatic Resection. Nutrients. 2017 Mar 07; 9(3). PMID: [28272344](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28272344); PMCID: [PMC5372906](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5372906).

Citations:
[46](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28272344/citedby/) Fields:

Nut Nutritional Sciences

Translation:Humans

  27. Mohammed S, **Silberfein EJ** , [Musher BL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266798), [Fisher WE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699), [Van Buren G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270068), Khawja SN. Pancreatic cancer disparities in African Americans. Pancreas. 2015 May; 44(4):522-7. PMID: [25872128](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25872128).

Citations:
[33](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25872128/citedby/) Fields:

Gas Gastroenterology

Translation:Humans

  28. Millas SG, Alawadi ZM, Wray CJ, **Silberfein EJ** , Escamilla RJ, Karanjawala BE, Ko TC, Kao LS. Treatment delays of colon cancer in a safety-net hospital system. J Surg Res. 2015 Oct; 198(2):311-6. PMID: [25918005](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25918005).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25918005/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  29. Bloomston M, Hughes SJ, Winter J, Behrman SW, Zyromski NJ, Vollmer C, Velanovich V, Riall T, Muscarella P, Trevino J, Nakeeb A, Schmidt CM, Behrns K, Ellison EC, [Barakat O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102765), Perry KA, Drebin J, House M, Abdel-Misih S, **Silberfein EJ** , Goldin S, Brown K, Mohammed S, Hodges SE, McElhany A, Issazadeh M, Jo E, Mo Q, [Fisher WE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699), [Van Buren G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270068). A randomized prospective multicenter trial of pancreaticoduodenectomy with and without routine intraperitoneal drainage. Ann Surg. 2014 Apr; 259(4):605-12. PMID: [24374513](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24374513).

Citations:
[84](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24374513/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  30. Ross A, Mohammed S, Vanburen G, **Silberfein EJ** , Artinyan A, Hodges SE, [Fisher WE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699). An assessment of the necessity of transfusion during pancreatoduodenectomy. Surgery. 2013 Sep; 154(3):504-11. PMID: [23972656](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23972656).

Citations:
[23](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23972656/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  31. Mohammed S, Evans C, VanBuren G, Hodges SE, **Silberfein E** , Artinyan A, Mo Q, Issazadeh M, McElhany AL, [Fisher WE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699). Treatment of bacteriobilia decreases wound infection rates after pancreaticoduodenectomy. HPB (Oxford). 2014 Jun; 16(6):592-8. PMID: [23992045](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23992045); PMCID: [PMC4048081](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4048081).

Citations:
[11](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23992045/citedby/) Fields:

Gas Gastroenterology

Translation:Humans

  32. Mohammed S, Statz A, [Lacross JS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268267), [Lassinger BK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268422), [Contreras A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582874), [Gutierrez C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265496), [Bonefas E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268167), Liscum KR, **Silberfein EJ**. Granulomatous mastitis: a 10?year experience from a large inner city county hospital. J Surg Res. 2013 Sep; 184(1):299-303. PMID: [23890401](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23890401).

Citations:
[8](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23890401/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  33. Orcutt ST, Artinyan A, Li LT, **Silberfein EJ** , Berger DH, Albo D, Anaya DA. Postoperative mortality and need for transitional care following liver resection for metastatic disease in elderly patients: a population-level analysis of 4026 patients. HPB (Oxford). 2012 Dec; 14(12):863-70. PMID: [23134189](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23134189); PMCID: [PMC3521916](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3521916).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23134189/citedby/) Fields:

Gas Gastroenterology

Translation:Humans

  34. Wray CJ, Harvin JA, **Silberfein EJ** , Ko TC, Kao LS. Pilot prognostic model of extremely poor survival among high-risk hepatocellular carcinoma patients. Cancer. 2012 Dec 15; 118(24):6118-25. PMID: [22648601](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22648601).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22648601/citedby/) Fields:

Neo Neoplasms

Translation:Humans

  35. [Castro-Echeverry E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/41361010), Kao LS, Robinson EK, **Silberfein EJ** , Ko TC, Wray CJ. Relationship between documentation status and survival for medically underserved Hispanic breast cancer patients. J Surg Res. 2013 Apr; 180(2):284-9. PMID: [22632937](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22632937).

Citations:
[9](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22632937/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  36. Wray CJ, [Castro-Echeverry E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/41361010), **Silberfein EJ** , Ko TC, Kao LS. A multi-institutional study of pancreatic cancer in Harris County, Texas: race predicts treatment and survival. Ann Surg Oncol. 2012 Sep; 19(9):2776-81. PMID: [22526908](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22526908).

Citations:
[13](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22526908/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryNeo Neoplasms

Translation:Humans

  37. Gould DJ, Salmans JA, [Lassinger BK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268422), [Contreras A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582874), [Gutierrez C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265496), [Bonefas E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268167), Liscum KR, **Silberfein EJ**. Factors associated with phyllodes tumor of the breast after core needle biopsy identifies fibroepithelial neoplasm. J Surg Res. 2012 Nov; 178(1):299-303. PMID: [22524977](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22524977).

Citations:
[8](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22524977/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  38. [Fisher WE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699), Hodges SE, Cruz G, Artinyan A, **Silberfein EJ** , Ahern CH, Jo E, Brunicardi FC. Routine nasogastric suction may be unnecessary after a pancreatic resection. HPB (Oxford). 2011 Nov; 13(11):792-6. PMID: [21999592](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21999592); PMCID: [PMC3238013](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3238013).

Citations:
[16](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21999592/citedby/) Fields:

Gas Gastroenterology

Translation:Humans

  39. [Fisher WE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699), Hodges SE, **Silberfein EJ** , Artinyan A, Ahern CH, Jo E, Brunicardi FC. Pancreatic resection without routine intraperitoneal drainage. HPB (Oxford). 2011 Jul; 13(7):503-10. PMID: [21689234](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21689234); PMCID: [PMC3133717](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3133717).

Citations:
[29](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21689234/citedby/) Fields:

Gas Gastroenterology

Translation:Humans

  40. Gould DJ, Anne Morrison C, Liscum KR, **Silberfein EJ**. A lipoma of the transverse colon causing intermittent obstruction: a rare cause for surgical intervention. Gastroenterol Hepatol (N Y). 2011 Jul; 7(7):487-90. PMID: [22298985](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22298985); PMCID: [PMC3264899](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3264899).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22298985/citedby/)

  41. Balentine CJ, Enriquez J, Cruz G, Hodges S, Bansal V, Jo E, Ahern C, [Sansgiry S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265828), Petersen N, **Silberfein E** , Brunicardi FC, Berger DH, [Fisher W](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699). Obesity does not increase complications following pancreatic surgery. J Surg Res. 2011 Oct; 170(2):220-5. PMID: [21514600](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21514600).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21514600/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  42. **Silberfein EJ** , Bao R, Lopez A, [Grubbs EG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583492), [Lee JE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582496), Evans DB, [Perrier ND](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582683). Reoperative parathyroidectomy: location of missed glands based on a contemporary nomenclature system. Arch Surg. 2010 Nov; 145(11):1065-8. PMID: [21079094](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21079094).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21079094/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  43. **Silberfein EJ** , Kattepogu KM, Hu CY, [Skibber JM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582497), [Rodriguez-Bigas MA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583001), [Feig B](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583646), [Das P](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583051), Krishnan S, Crane C, [Kopetz S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583445), [Eng C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583785), [Chang GJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583822). Long-term survival and recurrence outcomes following surgery for distal rectal cancer. Ann Surg Oncol. 2010 Nov; 17(11):2863-9. PMID: [20552409](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20552409); PMCID: [PMC3071558](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3071558).

Citations:
[41](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20552409/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryNeo Neoplasms

Translation:Humans

  44. **Silberfein EJ** , [Hunt KK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582914), Broglio K, Shen J, [Sahin A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582927), [Le-Petross H](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583836), Oh J, [Litton J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583462), [Hwang RF](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582607), [Mittendorf EA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583070). Clinicopathologic factors associated with involved margins after breast-conserving surgery for invasive lobular carcinoma. Clin Breast Cancer. 2010 Feb; 10(1):52-8. PMID: [20133259](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20133259).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20133259/citedby/) Fields:

Neo Neoplasms

Translation:Humans

  45. **Silberfein EJ** , [Zhou W](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582713), Kougias P, El Sayed HF, [Huynh TT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582746), Albo D, Berger DH, Brunicardi FC, [Lin PH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269962). Percutaneous cholecystostomy for acute cholecystitis in high-risk patients: experience of a surgeon-initiated interventional program. Am J Surg. 2007 Nov; 194(5):672-7. PMID: [17936433](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17936433).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/17936433/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  46. Naoum JJ, **Silberfein EJ** , [Zhou W](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582713), Sweeney JF, Albo D, Brunicardi FC, Kougias P, El Sayed HF, [Lin PH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269962). Concomitant intraoperative splenic artery embolization and laparoscopic splenectomy versus laparoscopic splenectomy: comparison of treatment outcome. Am J Surg. 2007 Jun; 193(6):713-8. PMID: [17512282](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17512282).

Citations:
[8](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/17512282/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  47. [Scott BG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269400), **Silberfein EJ** , Pham HQ, Feanny MA, [Lassinger BK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268422), Welsh FJ, Carrick MM. Rate of malignancies in breast abscesses and argument for ultrasound drainage. Am J Surg. 2006 Dec; 192(6):869-72. PMID: [17161110](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17161110).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/17161110/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

  48. **Silberfein EJ** , [Lin PH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269962), [Bush RL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478767), [Zhou W](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582713), Lumsden AB. Aortic endograft infection due to Pasteurella multocida following a rabbit bite. J Vasc Surg. 2006 Feb; 43(2):393-5. PMID: [16476621](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16476621).

Citations:
[13](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16476621/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansAnimalsCells

  49. [Zhou W](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582713), [Lin PH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269962), [Bush RL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478767), Terramani TT, Matsuura JH, Cox M, Peden E, Guerrero M, **Silberfein EJ** , Dardik A, [Rosenthal D](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582628), Lumsden AB. In situ reconstruction with cryopreserved arterial allografts for management of mycotic aneurysms or aortic prosthetic graft infections: a multi-institutional experience. Tex Heart Inst J. 2006; 33(1):14-8. PMID: [16572862](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16572862); PMCID: [PMC1413601](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1413601).

Citations:
[9](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16572862/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  50. Weldon CB, **Silberfein E** , Chehardy PL, McSwain NE. ATLS training: a novel approach. Bull Am Coll Surg. 2002 Apr; 87(4):15-9. PMID: [17387855](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17387855).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/17387855/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General SurgeryHea Health Services

Translation:Humans

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 50 publications over 16 distinct years, with a maximum of
8 publications in
2020](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|8&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,13,0,0,0,38,25,0,0,38,50,63,38,13,25,0,50,63,50,100,13,25,25,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2002| 1  
2006| 3  
2007| 2  
2010| 3  
2011| 4  
2012| 5  
2013| 3  
2014| 1  
2015| 2  
2017| 4  
2018| 5  
2019| 4  
2020| 8  
2021| 1  
2022| 2  
2023| 2  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

SILBERFEIN's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (218)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Safety-net Providers](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27547323)
  * [Carcinoma, Hepatocellular](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/250480)
  * [Pancreaticoduodenectomy](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/248784)
  * [Drainage](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/243244)
  * [Liver Neoplasms](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/263637)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270206/198)

_

Co-Authors (46)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [FISHER, WILLIAM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267699)
  * [VAN BUREN, GEORGE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270068)
  * [LIN, PETER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269962)
  * [TRAN CAO, HOP S.](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16960385)
  * [PERRIER, NANCY DUGAL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582683)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270206/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [VAUTHEY, JEAN NICOLAS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582959)
  * [EL-SERAG, HASHEM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269175)
  * [KATZ, MATTHEW HAROLD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583491)
  * [TZENG, CHING-WEI DAVID](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/20424294)
  * [KANWAL, FASIHA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268580)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270206/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [HALL, CHAD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/43156740)
  * [KASEJE, NEEMA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/38140479)
  * [TRAN CAO, HOP S.](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16960385)
  * [WESTGARTH-TAYLOR, CHRISTOPHER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/48003273)
  * [XU, YUAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/36838353)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [AWAD, SAMIR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266767)
  * [CURLEY, STEVEN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3708901)
  * [HOLDER-HAYNES, JULIET](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268461)
  * [SCOTT, BRADFORD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269400)
  * [SORGEN, NORMAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269859)

_

