## KEVIN MCKENZIE

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=Ha4m6GuJDYjeQ4H36X7iKLeBaRSOgg%3d%3d&rnd=b88e32eb-f206-49f0-ac7d-3774fa450d83)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=27841654)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Basile FW, [Petrus J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17873530), Gates C, [Perry SH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6030327), [Benjamin J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19407518), **McKenzie K** , Hirani K, Huynh C, Anabwani-Richter F, [Haq H](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478926), [Nguyen D](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8451880). Increasing access to a global health conference and enhancing research capacity: Using an interdisciplinary approach and virtual spaces in an international community of practice. J Glob Health. 2022 07 06; 12:03038. PMID: [35787518](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35787518); PMCID: [PMC9255336](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9255336).

Citations:  Fields:

Hea Health ServicesPub Public Health

Translation:Humans

  2. De Vuyst H, Mugo NR, Franceschi S, **McKenzie K** , Tenet V, Njoroge J, Rana FS, Sakr SR, Snijders PJ, Chung MH. Residual disease and HPV persistence after cryotherapy for cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 2/3 in HIV-positive women in Kenya. PLoS One. 2014; 9(10):e111037. PMID: [25343563](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25343563); PMCID: [PMC4208814](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4208814).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25343563/citedby/) Fields:

Med Medicine (General)Sci Science

Translation:HumansCells

  3. Chung MH, **McKenzie KP** , De Vuyst H, Richardson BA, Rana F, Pamnani R, Njoroge JW, Nyongesa-Malava E, Sakr SR, John-Stewart GC, Mugo NR. Comparing Papanicolau smear, visual inspection with acetic acid and human papillomavirus cervical cancer screening methods among HIV-positive women by immune status and antiretroviral therapy. AIDS. 2013 Nov 28; 27(18):2909-19. PMID: [23842133](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23842133); PMCID: [PMC4007364](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4007364).

Citations:
[29](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23842133/citedby/) Fields:

Acq Acquired Immunodeficiency Synd

Translation:Humans

  4. De Vuyst H, Mugo NR, Chung MH, **McKenzie KP** , Nyongesa-Malava E, Tenet V, Njoroge JW, Sakr SR, Meijer CM, Snijders PJ, Rana FS, Franceschi S. Prevalence and determinants of human papillomavirus infection and cervical lesions in HIV-positive women in Kenya. Br J Cancer. 2012 Oct 23; 107(9):1624-30. PMID: [23033006](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23033006); PMCID: [PMC3493776](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3493776).

Citations:
[41](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23033006/citedby/) Fields:

Neo Neoplasms

Translation:Humans

  5. Chung MH, **McKenzie KP** , Richardson BA, John-Stewart GC, Coombs RW, De Vuyst H, Njoroge JW, Nyongesa-Malava E, Sakr SR, Mugo NR. Cervical HIV-1 RNA shedding after cryotherapy among HIV-positive women with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia stage 2 or 3. AIDS. 2011 Sep 24; 25(15):1915-9. PMID: [21716072](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21716072); PMCID: [PMC3248579](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3248579).

Citations:
[14](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21716072/citedby/) Fields:

Acq Acquired Immunodeficiency Synd

Translation:HumansCells

  6. **McKenzie KP** , Rogers RK, Njoroge JW, John-Stewart G, Richardson BA, Mugo NR, De Vuyst H, Pamnani RN, Rana FS, Warui D, Chung MH. Cervical squamous intraepithelial lesions among HIV-positive women on antiretroviral therapy in Kenya. Curr HIV Res. 2011 Apr; 9(3):180-5. PMID: [21585334](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21585334).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21585334/citedby/) Fields:

Acq Acquired Immunodeficiency Synd

Translation:Humans

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 6 publications over 5 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in
2011](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,100,50,50,50,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2011| 2  
2012| 1  
2013| 1  
2014| 1  
2022| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

MCKENZIE's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (45)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Uterine Cervical Dysplasia](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/248080)
  * [Neoplasms, Squamous Cell](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/263273)
  * [Anti-HIV Agents](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/262495)
  * [HIV Infections](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/262151)
  * [Cryotherapy](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/252658)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27841654/198)

_

Co-Authors (5)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [NGUYEN, DIANE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8451880)
  * [PERRY, SARAH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6030327)
  * [PETRUS, JAIME](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17873530)
  * [BENJAMIN, JENNIFER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19407518)
  * [HAQ, HEATHER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478926)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27841654/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [GIORDANO, THOMAS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269417)
  * [SCHMELER, KATHLEEN M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583815)
  * [GUO, MING](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582679)
  * [RODRIGUEZ-BARRADAS, MARIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269379)
  * [SCHEURER, MICHAEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265805)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27841654/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [BARTON, THERESA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/5866084)
  * [KIRAGGA, DITHAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/39328123)
  * [PERRY, SARAH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6030327)
  * [PETRUS, JAIME](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17873530)
  * [TODD, JACOB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/35825270)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

