## JENNIFER HALL

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=HK4%2b72zBJZm7cYr%2f5H7MKLGeIDGIlChMFRg5&rnd=5926d193-91b4-4d17-8b9e-5750052252b3)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=27841641)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Gilchrist SC, **Hall JL** , Khandelwal A, Hidalgo B, Aggarwal B, Kinzy C, Mallya P, Conners K, Stevens LM, Alger HM, Mehta L, Wexler L, Mega JL, Hernandez A, Hayes SN, Mieres JH, Jessup M, Roger VL. Research Goes Red: Early Experience With a Participant-Centric Registry. Circ Res. 2022 02 04; 130(3):343-351. PMID: [35113661](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35113661); PMCID: [PMC10505520](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10505520).

Citations:

  2. Ettinger NA, [Serazin N](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17411308), Nguyen R, Werdenberg J, Huibers M, [Torrey S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23479180). Testing positive pressure delivered from commercial and WHO-style pediatric bubble CPAP devices. BMC Pediatr. 2021 11 27; 21(1):524. PMID: [34836539](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34836539); PMCID: [PMC8627031](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8627031).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/34836539/citedby/) Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  3. Werdenberg J, Biziyaremye F, Nyishime M, Nahimana E, Mutaganzwa C, Tugizimana D, Manzi A, Navale S, Hirschhorn LR, Magge H. Successful implementation of a combined learning collaborative and mentoring intervention to improve neonatal quality of care in rural Rwanda. BMC Health Serv Res. 2018 Dec 04; 18(1):941. PMID: [30514294](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30514294); PMCID: [PMC6280472](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6280472).

Citations:
[9](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30514294/citedby/) Fields:

Hea Health Services Research

Translation:Humans

  4. Richterman A, Steer-Massaro J, Jarolimova J, Werdenberg J, Ivers LC, Luong Nguyen LB. Cash interventions to improve clinical outcomes for pulmonary tuberculosis: systematic review and meta-analysis. Bull World Health Organ. 2018 Jul 01; 96(7):471-483. PMID: [29962550](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29962550); PMCID: [PMC6022611](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6022611).

Citations:
[20](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29962550/citedby/) Fields:

Pub Public Health

Translation:Humans

  5. Beck K, Mukantaganda A, Bayitondere S, Ndikuriyo R, Dushimirimana A, Bihibindi V, Nyiranganji S, Habiyaremye M, Werdenberg J. Experience: developing an inpatient malnutrition checklist for children 6 to 59 months to improve WHO protocol adherence and facilitate quality improvement in a low-resource setting. Glob Health Action. 2018; 11(1):1503785. PMID: [30092747](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30092747); PMCID: [PMC6097458](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6097458).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30092747/citedby/) Fields:

Pub Public Health

Translation:Humans

  6. Phelps BR, Hathcock SJ, Werdenberg J, [Schutze GE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266852). Experiencing antiretroviral adherence: helping healthcare staff better understand adherence to paediatric antiretrovirals. J Int AIDS Soc. 2010 Dec 06; 13:48. PMID: [21134284](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21134284); PMCID: [PMC3004827](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3004827).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21134284/citedby/) Fields:

Acq Acquired Immunodeficiency Synd

Translation:Humans

  7. Gupta V, Werdenberg JA, Lawrence BD, Mendez JS, Stephens EH, Grande-Allen KJ. Reversible secretion of glycosaminoglycans and proteoglycans by cyclically stretched valvular cells in 3D culture. Ann Biomed Eng. 2008 Jul; 36(7):1092-103. PMID: [18425579](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18425579); PMCID: [PMC10593145](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10593145).

Citations:
[11](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18425579/citedby/) Fields:

Bio Biomedical Engineering

Translation:AnimalsCells

  8. Gupta V, Werdenberg JA, Mendez JS, Jane Grande-Allen K. Influence of strain on proteoglycan synthesis by valvular interstitial cells in three-dimensional culture. Acta Biomater. 2008 Jan; 4(1):88-96. PMID: [17928282](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17928282).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/17928282/citedby/) Fields:

Bio Biomedical Engineering

Translation:AnimalsCells

  9. Gupta V, Werdenberg JA, Blevins TL, Grande-Allen KJ. Synthesis of glycosaminoglycans in differently loaded regions of collagen gels seeded with valvular interstitial cells. Tissue Eng. 2007 Jan; 13(1):41-9. PMID: [17518580](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17518580).

Citations:
[22](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/17518580/citedby/) Fields:

Bio BiotechnologyHis Histology

Translation:AnimalsCells

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 9 publications over 6 distinct years, with a maximum of 3
publications in
2018](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|3&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,67,33,0,33,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,100,0,0,33,33,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2007| 2  
2008| 1  
2010| 1  
2018| 3  
2021| 1  
2022| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

HALL's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (75)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Tissue Engineering](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/262622)
  * [Financial Support](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/254282)
  * [Financial Management](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/261882)
  * [Glycosaminoglycans](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/251300)
  * [Proteoglycans](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/262312)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27841641/198)

_

Co-Authors (3)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [TORREY, SUSAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23479180)
  * [SCHUTZE, GORDON](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266852)
  * [SERAZIN, NATHAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17411308)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27841641/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [LANGE, CHRISTOPH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/34309720)
  * [VIRANI, SALIM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268389)
  * [BIRLA, RAVI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/32836403)
  * [MANDALAKAS, ANNA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269968)
  * [STARKE, JEFFREY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269621)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27841641/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [CLARY, CODY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/40674821)
  * [LUI, KAREN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8451888)
  * [MOTHNER, BRENT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270284)
  * [RAMGOPAL, VEENA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016576)
  * [VACHANI, JOYEE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266064)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

