## YI ZHU

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1100 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=D4J%2b203yQIn2S8Ho5G4%3d&rnd=2f452709-091a-46f6-81d6-bf9185ee8445)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=28999531)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=28999531&cachekey=c72608dd-59f7-4209-941e-816a87ef6fa6)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Li N, Zhao S, Zhang Z, **Zhu Y** , Gliniak CM, Vishvanath L, An YA, Wang MY, Deng Y, Zhu Q, Shan B, Sherwood A, Onodera T, Oz OK, Gordillo R, Gupta RK, Liu M, Horvath TL, Dixit VD, Scherer PE. Adiponectin preserves metabolic fitness during aging. Elife. 2021 04 27; 10. PMID: [33904399](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33904399); PMCID: [PMC8099426](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8099426).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33904399/citedby/) Fields:

Bio Biology

Translation:Animals

  2. Wang MY, Dean ED, Quittner-Strom E, **Zhu Y** , Chowdhury KH, Zhang Z, Zhao S, Li N, Ye R, Lee Y, Zhang Y, Chen S, Yu X, Leonard DC, Poffenberger G, Von Deylen A, McCorkle SK, Schlegel A, Sloop KW, Efanov AM, Gimeno RE, Scherer PE, Powers AC, Unger RH, Holland WL. Glucagon blockade restores functional ?-cell mass in type 1 diabetic mice and enhances function of human islets. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2021 03 02; 118(9). PMID: [33619103](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33619103); PMCID: [PMC7936318](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7936318).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33619103/citedby/) Fields:

Sci Science

Translation:HumansAnimalsCells

  3. Huang M, Mathew N, **Zhu Y**. Assessing Whole-Body Lipid-Handling Capacity in Mice. J Vis Exp. 2020 11 24; (165). PMID: [33311436](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33311436).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33311436/citedby/) Fields:

Bio BiologyMed Medicine (General)

Translation:AnimalsCells

  4. Zhao S, Li N, **Zhu Y** , Straub L, Zhang Z, Wang MY, Zhu Q, Kusminski CM, Elmquist JK, Scherer PE. Partial leptin deficiency confers resistance to diet-induced obesity in mice. Mol Metab. 2020 07; 37:100995. PMID: [32289482](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32289482); PMCID: [PMC7229277](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7229277).

Citations:
[12](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32289482/citedby/) Fields:

Met Metabolism

Translation:Animals

  5. Song A, Dai W, Jang MJ, Medrano L, Li Z, Zhao H, Shao M, Tan J, Li A, Ning T, Miller MM, Armstrong B, Huss JM, **Zhu Y** , Liu Y, Gradinaru V, Wu X, Jiang L, Scherer PE, Wang QA. Low- and high-thermogenic brown adipocyte subpopulations coexist in murine adipose tissue. J Clin Invest. 2020 01 02; 130(1):247-257. PMID: [31573981](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31573981); PMCID: [PMC6934193](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6934193).

Citations:
[48](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31573981/citedby/) Fields:

Med Medicine (General)

Translation:AnimalsCells

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 5 publications over 2 distinct years, with a maximum of 3
publications in
2020](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|3&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,100,67,0,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2020| 3  
2021| 2  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

ZHU's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (59)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Lipid Metabolism](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/255607)
  * [Adiponectin](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/259196)
  * [Diet, High-Fat](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27546326)
  * [Glucagon-Secreting Cells](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/251644)
  * [Adrenergic beta-3 Receptor Agonists](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27546091)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/28999531/198)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [CHAN, LAWRENCE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269461)
  * [BALLANTYNE, CHRISTIE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266404)
  * [BALASUBRAMANYAM, ASHOK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268015)
  * [BACHA, FIDA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266181)
  * [BOERWINKLE, ERIC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/28999531/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [CHACKO, SHAJI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269874)
  * [DAVE, JAYNA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266197)
  * [DAVIS, TERESA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268105)
  * [MOHAMMAD, MAHMOUD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269072)
  * [TONG, QIANG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269140)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

