## JENNIFER CERVANTES

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 8080 NORTH STADIUM DRIVE  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=HK4%2b72zBJZm7ZYr%2f9nrMPrGfBxOJmmsHFAk%3d&rnd=49292e23-73e4-4c9d-9773-f6083c3a6bd3)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=28999119)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=28999119&cachekey=632593b1-3b48-4d7e-8b1b-1768c9e78d06)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Biography  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
education and training

University of Texas , Arlington,TX| MSW| | Social Work  
---|---|---|---  
University of Houston, Clear Lake, TX| BSW| | Social Work  
  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
awards and honors

2020 - 2021| Latino/X Social Worker of the Year, Latino Social Workers of
Greater Houston  
---|---  
2019 - 2019| Field Instructor of the Year, University of Houston Clear Lake  
  
  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Overview  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
overview

I am a Licensed Master Social Worker with over 10 years of experience in
various healthcare roles within the Texas Medical Center. I have worked
locally in school social work, foster care, adoption, and with various
community based non-profit organizations. My areas of interest include
positive behavior management, trauma-informed care, program development, and
process reform/research to address disparities in mental healthcare for
children with intellectual and developmental disabilities. In addition to my
clinical practice, I teach community professionals, medical learners, and
families about strengths-based and family centered care, community resources
and services, and effective advocacy strategies on a local, state, and
national level.  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
keywords

  * [Developmental Disability](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Developmental Disability&exactphrase=false)
  * [Development Disorders, Child](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Development Disorders, Child&exactphrase=false)
  * [Autism](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Autism&exactphrase=false)
  * [Social Work](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Social Work&exactphrase=false)
  * [Education of Patients](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Education of Patients&exactphrase=false)
  * [Education, Medical, Undergraduate](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Education, Medical, Undergraduate&exactphrase=false)

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
webpage  
  
![](https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=https://www.texaschildrens.org/departments/developmental-
pediatrics-and-autism)| [Meyer Center for Developmental Pediatrics and
Autism](https://www.texaschildrens.org/departments/developmental-pediatrics-
and-autism)  
  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
media links  
  
![](https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-
at-the-autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-)| [Newsletter:
Counseling and Therapy 101](https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-at-
the-autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-) (05/12/2021)  
![](https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-
at-the-autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-)| [Newsletter: Special
Education Alert!](https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-at-the-
autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-) (03/09/2021)  
![](https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-
at-the-autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-)| [Newsletter: Family
Stories Can Make a Difference](https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-
at-the-autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-) (02/26/2021)  
![](https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-
at-the-autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-)| [Newsletter: Welcome
2021!](https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-at-the-autism-center-
and-meyer-center-around-houston-) (01/13/2021)  
![](https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-
at-the-autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-)| [Newsletter: Back to
School in a Pandemic](https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-at-the-
autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-) (08/04/2021)  
![](https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-
at-the-autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-)| [Newsletter: The
Holiday Hustle](https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-at-the-autism-
center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-) (11/04/2021)  
![](https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-
at-the-autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-)| [Newsletter: New Year
New Clinic Changes](https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-at-the-
autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-) (01/03/2022)  
![](https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-
at-the-autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-)| [Newsletter: Make the
Most of Summer Break](https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-at-the-
autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-) (05/04/2022)  
![](https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-
at-the-autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-)| [Newsletter: Back to
School 2022](https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-at-the-autism-
center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-) (07/26/2022)  
![](https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-
at-the-autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-)| [Newsletter:
Supporting Siblings](https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-at-the-
autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-) (11/18/2022)  
![](https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=https://www.texaschildrens.org/blog/preparing-
your-child-autism-holiday-celebrations-and-family-get-)| [TCH Blog: Preparing
your child with autism for holiday celebrations and family get-
together](https://www.texaschildrens.org/blog/preparing-your-child-autism-
holiday-celebrations-and-family-get-) (11/2021)  
![](https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-
at-the-autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-)| [Newsletter: April is
Autism Acceptance Month](https://mailchi.mp/texaschildrens.org/programs-at-
the-autism-center-and-meyer-center-around-houston-) (04/10/2023)  
![](https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=https://www.texaschildrens.org/blog/anxious-
parent-each-us )| [TCH Blog: To the Anxious Parent in Each of
Us](https://www.texaschildrens.org/blog/anxious-parent-each-us ) (09/12/2018)  
![](https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=https://www.texaschildrens.org/blog/why-
long-wait-behavioral-and-developmental-evaluations#:~:text=T)| [TCH Blog: Why
the long wait for behavioral and developmental
evaluations?](https://www.texaschildrens.org/blog/why-long-wait-behavioral-
and-developmental-evaluations#:~:text=T) (07/10/2018)  
![](https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=https://www.texaschildrens.org/blog/top-10-tips-
supporting-your-child-autism-during-covid-19 )| [TCH Blog: Top 10 tips for
supporting your child with autism during
COVID-19](https://www.texaschildrens.org/blog/top-10-tips-supporting-your-
child-autism-during-covid-19 ) (04/01/2020)  
![](https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=https://cdn.bcm.edu/sites/default/files/pedi_press_summer2021_pt-
_i.pdf )| [Newsletter: Autism Spectrum Disorder: A Closer Look at our
Comprehensive Model of
Care](https://cdn.bcm.edu/sites/default/files/pedi_press_summer2021_pt-_i.pdf
) (06/2021)  
![](https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=https://mailchi.mp/sdbp.org/sdbp-
summer-2020-newsletter-advocacy-x-race-card-6251596?e=9f3fe08b62)| [SDBP
Blogs: Advocacy in Unfriendly Territory](https://mailchi.mp/sdbp.org/sdbp-
summer-2020-newsletter-advocacy-x-race-card-6251596?e=9f3fe08b62) (08/2021)  
  
  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Featured Content  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Featured Videos

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Twitter

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. **Cervantes J** , Wallace J, Helms AK, Diekroger EA, Fogler J. Complex ADHD Challenging Case: When Simple Becomes Complex: Managing Clinician Bias and Navigating Challenging Family Dynamics in a 6-Year-Old Girl with ADHD and Developmental Delays. J Dev Behav Pediatr. 2024 Mar-Apr 01; 45(2):e181-e184. PMID: [38619154](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38619154); PMCID: [PMC11047299](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC11047299).

Citations:  Fields:

Beh Behavioral SciencesPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  2. [Godwin DL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268583), **Cervantes J** , Torres JY, [Ostermaier KK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267671), [Berry LN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267340), Voigt RG. A Road Map for Academic Developmental-Behavioral Pediatric Practices to Increase Access. J Dev Behav Pediatr. 2022 12 01; 43(9):540-544. PMID: [36170013](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36170013).

Citations:  Fields:

Beh Behavioral SciencesPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  3. [Godwin D](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268583), Dempsey J, **Cervantes J** , Smith J, Voigt R. Effectiveness of a Psychoeducational Intervention for Families of Children Awaiting a Developmental Evaluation. Health Soc Work. 2021 Jun 21; 46(2):136-141. PMID: [33893495](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33893495).

Citations:  Fields:

Soc Social Sciences

Translation:Humans

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 3 publications over 3 distinct years, with a maximum of 1
publications in 2021 and 2022 and
2024](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|1&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,100,100,0,100&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2021| 1  
2022| 1  
2024| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

CERVANTES's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (15)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/262538)
  * [Autism Spectrum Disorder](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27544322)
  * [Mothers](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/240437)
  * [Parenting](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/263114)
  * [Child Development](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/247465)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/28999119/198)

_

Co-Authors (3)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [GODWIN, DINAH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268583)
  * [OSTERMAIER, KATHRYN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267671)
  * [BERRY, LEANDRA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267340)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/28999119/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [STORCH, ERIC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478906)
  * [BRAMS, MATTHEW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266890)
  * [KOCHEL, ROBIN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269260)
  * [HUGHES, SHERYL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268485)
  * [GRIGORENKO, ELENA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15317978)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/28999119/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [GAMBHIR, NIKKI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/51399064)
  * [GODWIN, DINAH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268583)
  * [MENSAH-BONSU, NOEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/14348404)
  * [MONTEIRO, SONIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010599)
  * [OSTERMAIER, KATHRYN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267671)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

