## ELIZABETH ONUGHA

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=E6c5%2b2TFJZ%2f9CKDj9XzKK5SOJBzEkiEX&rnd=72f896f4-a1af-40a6-8efb-d0254d6eff85)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=29494181)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. [Dave JM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266197), Chen TA, Castro AN, White MA, **Onugha EA** , Zimmerman S, [Thompson D](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266711). Urban-Rural Disparities in Food Insecurity and Weight Status among Children in the United States. Nutrients. 2024 Jul 04; 16(13). PMID: [38999879](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38999879); PMCID: [PMC11243017](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC11243017).

Citations:  Fields:

Nut Nutritional Sciences

Translation:Humans

  2. South AM, Giammattei VC, Bagley KW, Bakhoum CY, Beasley WH, Bily MB, Biswas S, Bridges AM, Byfield RL, Campbell JF, Chanchlani R, Chen A, D'Agostino McGowan L, Downs SM, Fergeson GM, Greenberg JH, Hill-Horowitz TA, Jensen ET, Kallash M, Kamel M, Kiessling SG, Kline DM, Laisure JR, Liu G, Londeree J, Lucas CB, Mannemuddhu SS, Mao KR, Misurac JM, Murphy MO, Nugent JT, **Onugha EA** , Pudupakkam A, Redmond KM, Riar S, Sethna CB, [Siddiqui S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/20201900), Thumann AL, Uss SR, Vincent CL, Viviano IV, Walsh MJ, White BD, Woroniecki RP, Wu M, Yamaguchi I, Yun E, Weaver DJ. The Study of the Epidemiology of Pediatric Hypertension Registry (SUPERHERO): Rationale and Methods. Am J Epidemiol. 2024 Jun 17. PMID: [38881045](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38881045).

Citations:  Fields:

Epi Epidemiology

  3. **Onugha EA** , Banerjee A, Vimalajeewa HD, Nobleza KJ, Nguyen DT, Racette SB, [Dave JM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266197). Dietary Sodium and Potassium Patterns in Adults with Food Insecurity in the Context of Hypertension Risk. medRxiv. 2024 Feb 03. PMID: [38352358](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38352358); PMCID: [PMC10863033](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10863033).

Citations:

  4. [Dave JM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266197), Chen TA, Castro AN, White M, **Onugha EA** , Zimmerman S, [Thompson D](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266711). Regional Variability in the Prevalence of Food Insecurity and Diet Quality among United States Children. Nutrients. 2024 Jan 10; 16(2). PMID: [38257117](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38257117); PMCID: [PMC10819603](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10819603).

Citations:  Fields:

Nut Nutritional Sciences

Translation:Humans

  5. [Shah S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009968), **Onugha E** , [Swartz SJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266399). Chronic kidney disease-associated pruritus: what is known and its application in children. Pediatr Nephrol. 2024 Jan; 39(1):25-35. PMID: [37171581](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37171581).

Citations:  Fields:

Nep NephrologyPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  6. Rairikar M, **Onugha EA**. A case of persistent hypertension in a 6-year-old: Questions. Pediatr Nephrol. 2023 06; 38(6):1763-1764. PMID: [36173557](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36173557).

Citations:  Fields:

Nep NephrologyPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  7. Rairikar M, **Onugha EA**. A case of persistent hypertension in a 6-year-old: Answers. Pediatr Nephrol. 2023 06; 38(6):1765-1767. PMID: [36173558](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36173558).

Citations:  Fields:

Nep NephrologyPed Pediatrics

  8. Anyaegbu EI, Shaw AS, Hruska KA, Jain S. Clinical phenotype of APOL1 nephropathy in young relatives of patients with end-stage renal disease. Pediatr Nephrol. 2015 Jun; 30(6):983-9. PMID: [25530085](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25530085); PMCID: [PMC4406792](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4406792).

Citations:
[12](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25530085/citedby/) Fields:

Nep NephrologyPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  9. Lentine KL, Anyaegbu E, Gleisner A, Schnitzler MA, Axelrod D, Brennan DC, Dharnidharka VR, Abraham E, Tuttle-Newhall JE. Understanding medical care of transplant recipients through integrated registry and pharmacy claims data. Am J Nephrol. 2013; 38(5):420-9. PMID: [24216747](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24216747).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24216747/citedby/) Fields:

Nep Nephrology

Translation:Humans

  10. Anyaegbu EI, Dharnidharka VR. Hypertension in the teenager. Pediatr Clin North Am. 2014 Feb; 61(1):131-51. PMID: [24267462](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24267462); PMCID: [PMC3947917](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3947917).

Citations:
[27](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24267462/citedby/) Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  11. Anyaegbu E, Davis TK, Kniska K, Hruska K, Beck A. Buyer beware! doctor be aware!: Questions. Pediatr Nephrol. 2013 Sep; 28(9):1785; answer 1787-90. PMID: [23111895](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23111895).

Citations:  Fields:

Nep NephrologyPed Pediatrics

Translation:HumansCells

  12. Anyaegbu E, Goodman M, Ahn SY, Thangarajh M, Wong M, Shinawi M. Acute intermittent porphyria: a diagnostic challenge. J Child Neurol. 2012 Jul; 27(7):917-21. PMID: [22190498](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22190498).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22190498/citedby/) Fields:

Neu NeurologyPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  13. Anyaegbu EI, Almond PS, Milligan T, Allen WR, Gharaybeh S, Al-Akash SI. Intravenous immunoglobulin therapy in the treatment of BK viremia and nephropathy in pediatric renal transplant recipients. Pediatr Transplant. 2012 Feb; 16(1):E19-24. PMID: [22248251](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22248251).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22248251/citedby/) Fields:

Ped PediatricsTra Transplantation

Translation:HumansCells

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 13 publications over 8 distinct years, with a maximum of 4
publications in
2024](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|4&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,25,25,25,50,25,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,25,100&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2010| 1  
2011| 1  
2012| 1  
2013| 2  
2014| 1  
2022| 2  
2023| 1  
2024| 4  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

ONUGHA's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (78)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Vesico-Ureteral Reflux](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/262550)
  * [Hypertension](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/252125)
  * [Urinary Tract Infections](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/264836)
  * [Kidney Transplantation](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/243644)
  * [Urban Population](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/248396)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/29494181/198)

_

Co-Authors (5)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [DAVE, JAYNA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266197)
  * [THOMPSON, DEBORAH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266711)
  * [SWARTZ, SARAH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266399)
  * [SHAH, SHWETA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009968)
  * [SIDDIQUI, SAHAR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/20201900)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/29494181/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [WINKELMAYER, WOLFGANG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/5714591)
  * [BOERWINKLE, ERIC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689)
  * [TRAUTNER, BARBARA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266751)
  * [NAVANEETHAN, SANKAR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/14490839)
  * [VIRANI, SALIM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268389)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/29494181/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [ANGELO, JOSEPH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15317929)
  * [BROKENSHIRE, SAMANTHA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/34346006)
  * [JOSEPH, CATHERINE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478844)
  * [PILLUTLA, KARTIK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/41694577)
  * [SIGLER, KATHARINE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102769)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

