## CATHERINE WILSON

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Medicine  
Address|  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=NaYnsEXFI4a7Q4v4&rnd=ea0cf664-e56d-46fe-
bf42-f192878e415f)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=29993449)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. **Wilson CS** , DeDios-Stern S, Bocage C, Gray AA, Crudup BM, Russell HF. A systematic review of how spinal cord injury impacts families. Rehabil Psychol. 2022 Aug; 67(3):273-303. PMID: [35511571](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35511571).

Citations:  Fields:

Phy Physical and Rehabilitation MePsy Psychology

  2. Lund EM, Forber-Pratt AJ, **Wilson C** , Mona LR. The COVID-19 pandemic, stress, and trauma in the disability community: A call to action. Rehabil Psychol. 2020 Nov; 65(4):313-322. PMID: [33119381](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33119381).

Citations:
[15](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33119381/citedby/) Fields:

Phy Physical and Rehabilitation MePsy Psychology

Translation:HumansCellsPHPublic Health

  3. **Wilson CS** , Nassar SL, Ottomanelli L, Barnett SD, Njoh E. Gender differences in depression among veterans with spinal cord injury. Rehabil Psychol. 2018 05; 63(2):221-229. PMID: [29878827](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29878827).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29878827/citedby/) Fields:

Phy Physical and Rehabilitation MePsy Psychology

Translation:Humans

  4. [Ames H](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265997), **Wilson C** , Barnett SD, Njoh E, Ottomanelli L. Does functional motor incomplete (AIS D) spinal cord injury confer unanticipated challenges? Rehabil Psychol. 2017 Aug; 62(3):401-406. PMID: [28581321](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28581321).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28581321/citedby/) Fields:

Phy Physical and Rehabilitation MePsy Psychology

Translation:Humans

  5. McCullumsmith CB, Kalpakjian CZ, Richards JS, Forchheimer M, Heinemann AW, Richardson EJ, **Wilson CS** , Barber J, Temkin N, Bombardier CH, Fann JR, PRISMS Investigators. Novel risk factors associated with current suicidal ideation and lifetime suicide attempts in individuals with spinal cord injury. Arch Phys Med Rehabil. 2015 May; 96(5):799-808. PMID: [25613597](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25613597).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/25613597/citedby/) Fields:

Phy Physical and Rehabilitation Me

Translation:Humans

  6. Williams RT, **Wilson CS** , Heinemann AW, Lazowski LE, Fann JR, Bombardier CH, PRISMS Investigators. Identifying depression severity risk factors in persons with traumatic spinal cord injury. Rehabil Psychol. 2014 Feb; 59(1):50-6. PMID: [24611924](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24611924).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24611924/citedby/) Fields:

Phy Physical and Rehabilitation MePsy Psychology

Translation:Humans

  7. Williams RT, Heinemann AW, Bode RK, **Wilson CS** , Fann JR, Tate DG. Improving measurement properties of the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 with rating scale analysis. Rehabil Psychol. 2009 May; 54(2):198-203. PMID: [19469610](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19469610).

Citations:
[14](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19469610/citedby/) Fields:

Phy Physical and Rehabilitation MePsy Psychology

Translation:Humans

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 7 publications over 7 distinct years, with a maximum of 1
publications in 2009 and 2014 and 2015 and 2017 and 2018 and 2020 and
2022](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|1&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,100,0,0,0,0,100,100,0,100,100,0,100,0,100,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2009| 1  
2014| 1  
2015| 1  
2017| 1  
2018| 1  
2020| 1  
2022| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

WILSON's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (44)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Spinal Cord Injuries](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/255468)
  * [Depressive Disorder](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/247750)
  * [Adaptation, Psychological](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/261740)
  * [Veterans](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/241966)
  * [Disabled Persons](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/250141)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/29993449/198)

_

Co-Authors (1)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [AMES, HERBERT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265997)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/29993449/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [SKELTON, FELICIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/5301694)
  * [DIMITRIJEVIC, MILAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267373)
  * [KUNIK, MARK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266844)
  * [STORCH, ERIC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478906)
  * [BRUERA, EDUARDO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582968)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/29993449/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [BRANN, CHRISTOPHER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270174)
  * [JONES, JAMES](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269666)
  * [SMOLENSKI, JOANNA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/40681093)
  * [SUTHERLUN, LYDIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/40011314)
  * [WONG, LUCAS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/41415739)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

