## JILL ANN JARRELL

| | Title| Associate Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 6621 FANNIN  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=HKI87UTJLsXfR53%2f5XfOCraPKl%2bPkzA%3d&rnd=2ad34049-5d88-409f-8534-9a566fc8deb6)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=3009803)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=3009803&cachekey=ad4c97b4-ae65-4f0f-923a-a181e5d6080c)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Overview  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
overview

Dr. Jill Ann Jarrell was born and raised in West Virginia and completed her
undergraduate studies at Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana. Her MD
and MPH degrees were received at Emory University School of Medicine and
Rollins School of Public Health in Atlanta, Georgia. She came to Houston for
residency at Baylor College of Medicine in Internal Medicine and Pediatrics
and then worked in private practice in Houston for several years as a
hospitalist and the director of an inpatient hospice unit. She is triply board
certified in Internal Medicine, Pediatrics, and Hospice and Palliative
Medicine. Dr. Jarrell came home to Texas Childrenâ€™s Hospital and Baylor
College of Medicine in 2014 where she is an Assistant Professor in the Section
of Pediatric Palliative Care and Academic General Pediatrics. Her academic
interests include palliative care, medical ethics, children with special
healthcare needs, and healthcare advocacy.  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
keywords

  * [Pediatric palliative care, healthcare advocacy, advance care planning, outpatient palliative care](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Pediatric palliative care, healthcare advocacy, advance care planning, outpatient palliative care&exactphrase=false)

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. **Jarrell JA** , Grossoehme DH, Friebert S, Ajayi TA, Thienprayoon R, Humphrey L. Challenges in Home-Based Pediatric Hospice and Palliative Care: A Case Series. J Pain Symptom Manage. 2024 Jul 05. PMID: [38972553](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38972553).

Citations:  Fields:

Pal Palliative CarePsy PsychophysiologyThe Therapeutics

  2. Williams E, White C, Banerjee A, [Hellsten M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/1826397), Nobleza KJ, Nguyen DT, [Casas J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17873557), **Jarrell JA**. Erratum to "Quality of outpatient pediatric palliative care telehealth: a retrospective chart review." J Pain Sympt Manag. 2024; 67:561-570. J Pain Symptom Manage. 2024 Jun 18. PMID: [38888540](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38888540).

Citations:  Fields:

Pal Palliative CarePsy PsychophysiologyThe Therapeutics

  3. Williams E, White C, Banerjee A, [Hellsten M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/1826397), Nobleza KJ, [Nguyen DT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/40674831), [Casas J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17873557), **Jarrell JA**. Quality of Outpatient Pediatric Palliative Care Telehealth: A Retrospective Chart Review. J Pain Symptom Manage. 2024 Jun; 67(6):561-570.e1. PMID: [38514022](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38514022).

Citations:  Fields:

Pal Palliative CarePsy PsychophysiologyThe Therapeutics

Translation:Humans

  4. Lucas B, Friend B, **Jarrell JA** , [Kentor R](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016711). "Just let me go"; When suicidal ideation and goals of care collide in adolescent cancer at the end of life. Pediatr Blood Cancer. 2024 Jun; 71(6):e30893. PMID: [38265262](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38265262).

Citations:  Fields:

Hem HematologyNeo NeoplasmsPed Pediatrics

  5. [Crawford C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/34906012), Arevalo Soriano T, Lu S, [Rubenstein J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009676), **Jarrell JA**. Evaluating a Pediatric Palliative Care Elective Rotation Through Prompted Reflective Writing and Aligning With Competencies. J Palliat Med. 2024 01; 27(1):47-55. PMID: [37594770](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37594770).

Citations:  Fields:

Pal Palliative Care

Translation:Humans

  6. Williams E, **Jarrell JA** , [Rubenstein J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009676). A Week in the Life: Pediatric Palliative Care through the Eyes of a Medical Student. Children (Basel). 2021 Oct 27; 8(11). PMID: [34828685](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34828685); PMCID: [PMC8617964](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8617964).

Citations:

  7. [Baumann T](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/34853843), [Das S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8759775), **Jarrell JA** , Nakashima-Paniagua Y, Benitez EA, [Gazzaneo MC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2560336), [Villafranco N](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15317791). Palliative Care in Pediatric Pulmonology. Children (Basel). 2021 Sep 13; 8(9). PMID: [34572234](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34572234); PMCID: [PMC8466481](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8466481).

Citations:

  8. Thomas A, [Rubenstein J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009676), **Jarrell JA**. Principles of Pediatric Palliative Care #405. J Palliat Med. 2021 01; 24(1):133-134. PMID: [33393892](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33393892).

Citations:  Fields:

Pal Palliative Care

Translation:Humans

  9. Carrasco D, [Magoulas P](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265657), [Scull JC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268541), **Jarrell JA** , [Lalani SR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269910), [Wangler MF](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268429). Digital necrosis in an infant with severe spinal muscular atrophy. Neurol Genet. 2019 Oct; 5(5):e361. PMID: [31742229](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31742229); PMCID: [PMC6807655](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6807655).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31742229/citedby/)

  10. [Lyons-Warren AM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/28999047), Stowe RC, [Emrick L](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010431), **Jarrell JA**. Early Identification of Pediatric Neurology Patients With Palliative Care Needs: A Pilot Study. Am J Hosp Palliat Care. 2019 Nov; 36(11):959-966. PMID: [31014075](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31014075).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31014075/citedby/) Fields:

Nur NursingPal Palliative Care

Translation:Humans

  11. Humphrey L, Trowbridge A, and **JARRELL J** A. Rudolph's Textbook of Pediatrics. Palliative Care in Children with Medical Complexity. 2018.

  12. **JARRELL J** A and Tapia C. Rudolph's Textbook of Pediatrics. Ethical Issues in Pediatric Patients with Medical Complexity. 2018.

  13. **JARRELL J** A, Elias ER, Kang TI. Health Care Transitions. Palliative Care in Adolescents and Young Adults with Special Healthcare Needs. 2018; 329-337.

  14. . Pediatric Fast Facts and Concepts #1: Principles of Pediatric Palliative Care. 2018. [View Publication](https://www.mypcnow.org/ped-ff-1).

  15. Edwards LA, Bui C, Cabrera AG, **Jarrell JA**. Improving outpatient advance care planning for adults with congenital or pediatric heart disease followed in a pediatric heart failure and transplant clinic. Congenit Heart Dis. 2018 May; 13(3):362-368. PMID: [29457357](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29457357).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29457357/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  16. . Symptoms, Surrogates, and Statues: Navigating the Slippery Slope of Issues in Pbstetric Palliative Care. Presented at AAHPM National Assembly, platform presentation. 2016.

  17. Tapia C, **Jarrell JA**. Commentary From a Pediatric Complexologist and a Pediatric Palliative Care and Ethics Consultant. Am J Bioeth. 2016; 16(2):70-1. PMID: [26832104](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26832104).

Citations:  Fields:

Eth Ethics

Translation:Humans

  18. . Care of Adults with Chronic Childhood Conditions. Palliative Care. 2016; 355-364.

  19. . Efficacy of a multi-disciplinary inpatient pediatric obesity treatment program in syndromic and non-syndromic patient populations. Poster #35, Innovations in Pediatric Obesity Prevention, Assessment, and Treatment Forum. American Academy of Pediatrics National Convention and Exhibition; Washington DC. 2015.

  20. Prognostication and Pitfalls in the Patient-Provider Relationship. 2015.

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 20 publications over 7 distinct years, with a maximum of 5
publications in
2018](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|5&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,40,60,0,100,40,0,60,0,20,80&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2015| 2  
2016| 3  
2018| 5  
2019| 2  
2021| 3  
2023| 1  
2024| 4  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

JARRELL's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (41)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Hospice and Palliative Care Nursing](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27547336)
  * [Palliative Care](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/254216)
  * [Hospice Care](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/244848)
  * [Ambulatory Care](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/243129)
  * [Pediatric Nursing](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/254279)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009803/198)

_

Co-Authors (16)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [CRAWFORD, CLAIRE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/34906012)
  * [LYONS-WARREN, ARIEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/28999047)
  * [RUBENSTEIN, JARED](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009676)
  * [HELLSTEN, MELODY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/1826397)
  * [CASAS, JESSICA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17873557)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009803/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [BRUERA, EDUARDO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582968)
  * [HUI, DAVID](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583538)
  * [BATES, DAVID](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265690)
  * [SINGH, HARDEEP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269397)
  * [VIRANI, SALIM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268389)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009803/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [CASAS, JESSICA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17873557)
  * [HELLSTEN, MELODY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/1826397)
  * [KANG, TAMMY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16943325)
  * [KINNEAR, FAITH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/9909046)
  * [OKHUYSEN-CAWLEY, REGINA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/5099687)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [GLASS, NANCY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267389)
  * [HELLSTEN, MELODY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/1826397)
  * [RUBENSTEIN, JARED](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009676)
  * [SAVRICK, PATTI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269378)
  * [ZHAN, BIN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266656)

_

