## CORTNEY ZIMMERMAN

| | Title| Associate Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=NaEk4HzLL5nVRIzgrn7GPw%3d%3d&rnd=b6b417ea-62f5-47f8-9386-3ddc7f07a8a6)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=3009640)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Mai K, Dawson AE, Gu L, LaMotte JE, Molitor S, **Zimmerman CT**. Common mental health conditions and considerations in pediatric chronic kidney disease. Pediatr Nephrol. 2024 Mar 08. PMID: [38456918](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38456918).

Citations:  Fields:

Nep NephrologyPed Pediatrics

  2. Development of a Transition Program for a Pediatric Renal Department in collaboration with an Adult Renal Department: A Quality Improvement Approach. Health Care Transitions. 2023; 1.

  3. Zhang Y, Gutman T, Tong A, Craig JC, Sinha A, Dart A, Eddy AA, Gipson DS, Bockenhauer D, Yap HK, Groothoff J, Zappitelli M, J A Webb N, Alexander SI, Furth S, Samuel S, Blydt-Hansen TD, Dionne J, [Michael M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266303), Wenderfer SE, [Winkelmayer WC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/5714591), McTaggart S, Walker A, **Zimmerman CT** , Ralph AF, Ju A, James LJ, Hanson CS. Child and caregiver perspectives on access to psychosocial and educational support in pediatric chronic kidney disease: a focus group study. Pediatr Nephrol. 2023 01; 38(1):249-260. PMID: [35471462](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35471462).

Citations:  Fields:

Nep NephrologyPed Pediatrics

  4. House TR, Rosenberg AR, **Zimmerman CT** , Barton KS, Wightman A. Caregiver perspectives of dialysis initiation for children with kidney disease: a qualitative study. Pediatr Nephrol. 2022 10; 37(10):2457-2469. PMID: [35181825](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35181825); PMCID: [PMC10433404](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10433404).

Citations:  Fields:

Nep NephrologyPed Pediatrics

  5. **Zimmerman C** , [Garland BH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265598), Enzler CJ, [Hergenroeder AC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266879), [Wiemann CM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269821). The roles of quality of life and family and peer support in feelings about transition to adult care in adolescents with gastroenterology, renal, and rheumatology diseases. J Pediatr Nurs. 2022 Jan-Feb; 62:193-199. PMID: [34116868](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34116868).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/34116868/citedby/) Fields:

Nur NursingPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  6. Stephens SB, [Raphael JL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265546), **Zimmerman CT** , [Garland BH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265598), de Guzman MM, [Walsh SM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265767), [Hergenroeder AC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266879), [Wiemann CM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269821). The Utility of Self-Determination Theory in Predicting Transition Readiness in Adolescents With Special Healthcare Needs. J Adolesc Health. 2021 10; 69(4):653-659. PMID: [34059429](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34059429).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  7. . The roles of Quality of Life, and Family and Peer Support, in perceptions about Transition to Adult Care in Youth with Gastroenterology, Renal, and Rheumatology Diseases. Journal of Pediatric Nursing special issue on transition. 2021; Online ahead of print. [View Publication](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.pedn.2021.04.032.  ).

  8. Lee CC, Enzler CJ, [Garland BH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265598), **Zimmerman CJ** , [Raphael JL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265546), [Hergenroeder AC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266879), [Wiemann CM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269821). The Development of Health Self-Management Among Adolescents With Chronic Conditions: An Application of Self-Determination Theory. J Adolesc Health. 2021 02; 68(2):394-402. PMID: [32713740](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32713740).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32713740/citedby/) Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  9. . In G. Beck & D. Sloan (Eds.), Oxford Handbook of Traumatic Stress Disorders. Traumatic Stress Disorders in Children and Adolescents. 2020.

  10. Currier H, **Zimmerman CT**. Use of Creative Writing to Illustrate Lived Experiences in Hemodialysis-Dependent Children with Chronic Kidney Failure. Nephrol Nurs J. 2019 May-Jun; 46(3):293-336. PMID: [31199096](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31199096).

Citations:  Fields:

Nep NephrologyNur Nursing

Translation:Humans

  11. Clementi MA, **Zimmerman CT**. Psychosocial considerations and recommendations for care of pediatric patients on dialysis. Pediatr Nephrol. 2020 05; 35(5):767-775. PMID: [30895367](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30895367).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30895367/citedby/) Fields:

Nep NephrologyPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  12. Wightman A, **Zimmerman CT** , Neul S, Lepere K, Cedars K, Opel D. Caregiver Experience in Pediatric Dialysis. Pediatrics. 2019 02; 143(2). PMID: [30696758](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30696758).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30696758/citedby/) Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  13. . In A. Dempsey (Ed.), Pediatric Health Conditions in Schools: A Clinician’s Guide for Working with Children, Families, and Educators. End of Life and Grief Issues in the School Setting. 2019.

  14. Taylor CJ, La Greca A, Valenzuela JM, Hsin O, Delamater AM. Satisfaction with the Health Care Provider and Regimen Adherence in Minority Youth with Type 1 Diabetes. J Clin Psychol Med Settings. 2016 09; 23(3):257-68. PMID: [27365095](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27365095).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27365095/citedby/) Fields:

Psy Psychology

Translation:Humans

  15. Supervision of clinical assessment: The Multilevel Assessment Supervision and Training (MAST) approach. The Clinical Supervisor. 2016; 35(1):63-79.

  16. . Posttraumatic Stress Disorder. In M.D. Gellman & J.R. Turner, (Eds.), Encyclopedia of Behavioral Medicine. . 2012.

  17. . Traumatic stress disorders in children and adolescents. In G. Beck & D. Sloan (Eds.) Oxford Handbook of traumatic stress disorders. 2012.

  18. . Children in disaster relief: A review of best practices. In F. Columbus’ Disaster Relief: Organizations, Speed and Efficiency of Response and Roles. 2011.

  19. . Prescribed regimen intensity in diverse youth with type 1 diabetes: Role of family and provider perceptions. Pediatric Diabetes. 2011; 12(8):696-703.

  20. . Adherence and glycemic control among hispanic youth with type 1 diabetes: Role of family involvement and acculturation. Journal of Pediatric Psychology. 2010; 1-11.

  21. . Psychometric findings for a Spanish translation of the Diabetes Self Management Profile (DSMP). Diabetes Care. 2010; 33(1):3-8.

  22. . In E. Jelalian & R.G. Steele, (Eds.), Handbook of child and adolescent obesity. Empirically supported treatment of overweight adolescents. 2008.

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 22 publications over 11 distinct years, with a maximum of
4 publications in
2019](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|4&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,25,0,50,50,50,0,0,0,50,0,0,100,50,75,50,25,25&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2008| 1  
2010| 2  
2011| 2  
2012| 2  
2016| 2  
2019| 4  
2020| 2  
2021| 3  
2022| 2  
2023| 1  
2024| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

ZIMMERMAN's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (55)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Transition to Adult Care](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27546510)
  * [Acceptance and Commitment Therapy](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27547317)
  * [Rheumatology](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/253595)
  * [Holistic Health](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/245701)
  * [Gastroenterology](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/253455)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009640/198)

_

Co-Authors (8)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [WIEMANN, CONSTANCE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269821)
  * [GARLAND, BETH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265598)
  * [HERGENROEDER, ALBERT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266879)
  * [RAPHAEL, JEAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265546)
  * [MICHAEL, MINI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266303)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009640/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [WINKELMAYER, WOLFGANG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/5714591)
  * [NAVANEETHAN, SANKAR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/14490839)
  * [ERICKSON, KEVIN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15318038)
  * [SINGH, JASVINDER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/47100929)
  * [BRUERA, EDUARDO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582968)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009640/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [ANDERSON-THOMAS, BARBARA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269034)
  * [BONIN, LIZA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267482)
  * [KENTOR, RACHEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016711)
  * [KLINEPETER, ELIZABETH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31721875)
  * [MEINERT, ALLISON](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/38207131)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [HILLIARD, MARISA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269029)
  * [KOCHEL, ROBIN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269260)
  * [NOLL, LISA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265703)
  * [SELF, MARIELLA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267874)
  * [WOLFE, RACHEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010447)

_

