## BRAM WELCH-HORAN

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 6621 FANNIN  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=FLkx7CvwJYf2TsLF72nDJJSOJBzEkiEX&rnd=6e507c97-47f9-45b8-aab0-d92d7adb16a0)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=3010601)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=3010601&cachekey=2479a4b4-a0dd-4d23-8f2b-2c135ef4a513)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Biography  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
education and training

Columbia University College of Physicians & Surgeons, New York, NY| MD|
05/2008| Medicine  
---|---|---|---  
Columbia University, New York, NY| BA| 05/2003| Philosophy  
  
  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Overview  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
overview

Bram Welch-Horan (@DrBramPedsER; tbwelchh@texaschildrens.org) is Director of
Simulation for the Division of Pediatric Emergency Medicine and Assistant
Professor of Pediatrics at Baylor College of Medicine, in Houston, TX, USA. He
is an attending physician in the Emergency Center at Texas Children’s
Hospital, where his clinical and teaching activities bridge three hospital
campuses, including a quaternary children’s hospital, as well as two free-
standing community children’s hospital sites. After attending medical school
at Columbia University College of Physicians & Surgeons in New York, he
completed a residency in pediatrics at NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital /
Columbia University Medical Center, and subsequently a fellowship in pediatric
emergency medicine at Texas Children’s. He has received additional simulation
training through the Center for Medical Simulation in Boston, MA, USA, and has
been selected as a faculty member for upcoming virtual courses in clinical
event debriefing provided by The Debriefing Academy in Calgary, AB, Canada.
His interests include deliberate practice as a foundation for expertise, team-
based simulation for teaching resuscitation, and clinical event debriefing as
a driver of quality improvement and education. Since 2020, he has been the
physician lead and co-creator of a hospital-wide clinical debriefing
initiative at Texas Children’s; he is also involved with other efforts
relating to CPR quality, training of simulation instructors, and use of
simulation for onboarding of clinical faculty.  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
keywords

  * [clinical event debriefing](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=clinical event debriefing&exactphrase=false)
  * [simulation](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=simulation&exactphrase=false)
  * [debriefing](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=debriefing&exactphrase=false)
  * [Pediatric Emergency Medicine](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Pediatric Emergency Medicine&exactphrase=false)
  * [Quality Improvement](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Quality Improvement&exactphrase=false)
  * [Resuscitation](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Resuscitation&exactphrase=false)

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Featured Content  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Twitter

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. [Won SK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016557), [Doughty CB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269784), Young AL, **Welch-Horan TB** , [Rus MC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010444), [Camp EA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8556652), [Lemke DS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266806). Rapid Cycle Deliberate Practice Improves Retention of Pediatric Resuscitation Skills Compared With Postsimulation Debriefing. Simul Healthc. 2022 Feb 01; 17(1):e20-e27. PMID: [34009907](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34009907).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/34009907/citedby/) Fields:

Hea Health Services Research

Translation:Humans

  2. [Chu J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/21983638), Alawa N, [Sampayo EM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268863), [Doughty C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269784), [Camp E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8556652), **Welch-Horan TB**. Evolution of clinical event debriefs in a quaternary pediatric emergency department after implementation of a debriefing tool. AEM Educ Train. 2021 Aug; 5(4):e10709. PMID: [34901688](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34901688); PMCID: [PMC8637867](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8637867).

Citations:

  3. Servotte JC, **Welch-Horan TB** , Mullan P, Piazza J, Ghuysen A, Szyld D. Development and implementation of an end-of-shift clinical debriefing method for emergency departments during COVID-19. Adv Simul (Lond). 2020 Nov 11; 5(1):32. PMID: [33292850](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33292850); PMCID: [PMC7656224](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7656224).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33292850/citedby/)

  4. Zinns LE, **Welch-Horan TB** , Moore TA, Ades A, Wolfe HA, Mullan PC. Implementation of an Innovative, Multiunit, Postevent Debriefing Program in a Children's Hospital. Pediatr Emerg Care. 2020 Jul; 36(7):345-346. PMID: [31335786](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31335786).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31335786/citedby/) Fields:

Eme Emergency MedicinePed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  5. **Welch-Horan TB** , [Lemke DS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266806), [Bastero P](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268470), [Leong-Kee S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265992), [Khattab M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/2560361), Eggers J, Penn C, Dangre A, [Doughty CB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269784). Feedback, reflection and team learning for COVID-19: development of a novel clinical event debriefing tool. BMJ Simul Technol Enhanc Learn. 2021; 7(1):54-57. PMID: [35521082](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35521082); PMCID: [PMC8936792](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8936792).

Citations:

  6. Boutis K, Cano S, Pecaric M, **Welch-Horan TB** , Lampl B, Ruzal-Shapiro C, Pusic M. Interpretation difficulty of normal versus abnormal radiographs using a pediatric example. Can Med Educ J. 2016; 7(1):e68-77. PMID: [27103955](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27103955); PMCID: [PMC4830375](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4830375).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27103955/citedby/)

  7. Welch MG, **Welch-Horan TB** , Anwar M, Anwar N, Ludwig RJ, Ruggiero DA. Brain effects of chronic IBD in areas abnormal in autism and treatment by single neuropeptides secretin and oxytocin. J Mol Neurosci. 2005; 25(3):259-74. PMID: [15800379](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15800379).

Citations:
[10](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/15800379/citedby/) Fields:

Mol Molecular BiologyNeu Neurology

Translation:Animals

  8. Welch MG, Keune JD, **Welch-Horan TB** , Anwar N, Anwar M, Ludwig RJ, Ruggiero DA. Secretin: hypothalamic distribution and hypothesized neuroregulatory role in autism. Cell Mol Neurobiol. 2004 Apr; 24(2):219-41. PMID: [15176437](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15176437).

Citations:
[14](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/15176437/citedby/) Fields:

Cel Cell BiologyMol Molecular BiologyNeu Neurology

Translation:AnimalsCells

  9. Welch MG, Keune JD, **Welch-Horan TB** , Anwar N, Anwar M, Ruggiero DA. Secretin activates visceral brain regions in the rat including areas abnormal in autism. Cell Mol Neurobiol. 2003 Oct; 23(4-5):817-37. PMID: [14514034](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/14514034).

Citations:
[16](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/14514034/citedby/) Fields:

Cel Cell BiologyMol Molecular BiologyNeu Neurology

Translation:Animals

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 9 publications over 7 distinct years, with a maximum of 3
publications in
2020](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|3&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,33,33,33,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,33,0,0,0,100,33,33,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2003| 1  
2004| 1  
2005| 1  
2016| 1  
2020| 3  
2021| 1  
2022| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

WELCH-HORAN's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (46)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Secretin](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/250116)
  * [Formative Feedback](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27544343)
  * [Organizational Innovation](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/258735)
  * [Heart Arrest](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/243626)
  * [Hospitals, Pediatric](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/239860)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010601/198)

_

Co-Authors (10)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [DOUGHTY, CARA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269784)
  * [CHU, JAMIE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/21983638)
  * [LEMKE, DANIEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266806)
  * [CAMP, ELIZABETH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8556652)
  * [WON, SHARON](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016557)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010601/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [SZARPAK, LUKASZ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104232)
  * [PEACOCK, WILLIAM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268773)
  * [DEZFULIAN, CAMERON](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31673804)
  * [PAN, HUI-LIN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583081)
  * [RAPHAEL, JEAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265546)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010601/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [AN-GROGAN, YUEMI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/47100872)
  * [CHOI, JASON](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/39702879)
  * [HOOLI, SHUBHADA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12328495)
  * [LINKLATER, DEREK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31213311)
  * [RUBALCAVA, DANIEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270158)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [ALLEN, JOSEPH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268104)
  * [HO, WINSTON](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269717)
  * [MESKILL, SARAH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009751)
  * [RUS, MARIDETH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010444)
  * [YUSUF, SHABANA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269077)

_

