## NETTA SCHNELLER

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=GK4k9WSJE4j9SIrh7H7QCraPKl%2bPkzA%3d&rnd=be7e9a65-dc67-4a91-93a0-84907f0052e7)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=31362095)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Biography  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
education and training

University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI| BA| 05/2007| Biology/ Hebrew and Semitic
studies  
---|---|---|---  
Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Bronx, NY| MD| 06/2011| Medicine  
Montefiore Medical Center, Bronx, NY| | 06/2014| General Pediatrics residency  
Baylor College of Medicine/Texas Children's Hospital, Houston, TX| | 06/2018| Pediatric Hematology/Oncology fellowship  
Baylor College of Medicine/Texas Children's Hospital, Houston, TX| | 06/2019| Solid Tumor subfellowship  
  
  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Carter-Febres M, **Schneller N** , Fair D, Solomon D, Perry A, [Roy A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268647), Linscott L, Alashari M, Kestle JR, Bruggers CS. Adjuvant Maintenance Larotrectinib Therapy in 2 Children With NTRK Fusion-positive High-grade Cancers. J Pediatr Hematol Oncol. 2021 Oct 01; 43(7):e987-e990. PMID: [33093355](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33093355).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33093355/citedby/) Fields:

Hem HematologyNeo NeoplasmsPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  2. **Schneller N** , [Grimes A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270042), Muscal J, [Quintanilla N](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269341), Mittal A, [Paulino A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583636), [Foster J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/1826370). Successful treatment of metachronous contralateral intratubular germ cell neoplasia with partial orchiectomy and low-dose radiation in a patient previously treated for testicular carcinoma. Pediatr Blood Cancer. 2019 10; 66(10):e27872. PMID: [31179623](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31179623).

Citations:  Fields:

Hem HematologyNeo NeoplasmsPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  3. [McAtee CL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17411488), **Schneller N** , [Brackett J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265632), Bernhardt MB, [Schafer ES](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270055). Treatment-related sinusoidal obstruction syndrome in children with de novo acute lymphoblastic leukemia during intensification. Cancer Chemother Pharmacol. 2017 Dec; 80(6):1261-1264. PMID: [29051993](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29051993).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29051993/citedby/) Fields:

Ant Antineoplastic AgentsNeo Neoplasms

Translation:Humans

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 3 publications over 3 distinct years, with a maximum of 1
publications in 2017 and 2019 and
2021](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|1&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,100,0,100,0,100,0,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2017| 1  
2019| 1  
2021| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

SCHNELLER's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (28)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Orchiectomy](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/261667)
  * [Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/244908)
  * [Testicular Neoplasms](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/264547)
  * [Radiotherapy](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/240209)
  * [Neoplasms, Second Primary](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/253232)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31362095/198)

_

Co-Authors (8)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [FOSTER, JENNIFER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/1826370)
  * [QUINTANILLA, NORMA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269341)
  * [GRIMES, AMANDA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270042)
  * [PAULINO, ARNOLD DELA CRUZ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583636)
  * [SCHAFER, ERIC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270055)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31362095/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [KANTARJIAN, HAGOP M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582901)
  * [LOGOTHETIS, CHRISTOPHER J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583246)
  * [GUO, CHARLES CHUANHAI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583087)
  * [VERSTOVSEK, SRDAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583330)
  * [JABBOUR, ELIAS JOSEPH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583425)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31362095/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [BALAKUMAR, NIVEDITHA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31330366)
  * [DINARDO, ANDREW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/1826499)
  * [FISHER, KRISTEN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37935574)
  * [GOPINETI, LALITHA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/40310185)
  * [IACOBAS, IONELA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/7520381)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

