## KESHA BALAKRISHNAN

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=Ha4j6WSJAor5R4T%2f6WjKJLWCBxOJmmsHFAk%3d&rnd=c8b7b818-078a-4e80-a93f-efd30179ee79)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=31586226)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Biography  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
education and training

Albert Einstein College of Medicine, New York| MD| 06/2013| Pediatrics  
---|---|---|---  
New York Medical College, New York| | 06/2017| Pediatric Gastroenterology  
Children's Hospital Los Angeles, Los Angeles| | 06/2020| Motility and Neurogastroenterology  
  
  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Featured Content  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Twitter

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Chogle A, Kelly DR, Dranove JE, Rosen R, Nurko S, Croffie J, **Balakrishnan K** , [Chiou EH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266643), El-Chammas K, Santucci N, Grimm M, Dorfman L, Graham K, Zhang L, Simpson P, Karrento K. A multicenter registry study on percutaneous electrical nerve field stimulation for pediatric disorders of gut-brain interaction. J Pediatr Gastroenterol Nutr. 2024 Apr; 78(4):817-826. PMID: [38451058](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38451058).

Citations:  Fields:

Gas GastroenterologyNut Nutritional SciencesPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  2. Armstrong DG, Chumpitazi BP, [Chiou EH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266643), **Balakrishnan K**. Diagnostic Utility of Mucosal Biopsies Taken During Colonoscopy-Guided Colonic Manometry Catheter Placement. J Pediatr Gastroenterol Nutr. 2023 11 01; 77(5):655-660. PMID: [37548490](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37548490).

Citations:  Fields:

Gas GastroenterologyNut Nutritional SciencesPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  3. Nathan JD, Ellery K, **Balakrishnan K** , Bhatt H, Ganoza A, Husain SZ, Kumar R, Morinville VD, Quiros JA, Schwarzenberg SJ, Sellers ZM, Uc A, Abu-El-Haija M. The Role of Surgical Management in Chronic Pancreatitis in Children: A Position Paper From the North American Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition Pancreas Committee. J Pediatr Gastroenterol Nutr. 2022 05 01; 74(5):706-719. PMID: [35258494](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35258494); PMCID: [PMC10286947](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10286947).

Citations:  Fields:

Gas GastroenterologyNut Nutritional SciencesPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  4. **Balakrishnan K** , Perez IA, Keens TG, Sicolo A, Punati J, Danialifar T. Correction to: Hirschsprung disease and other gastrointestinal motility disorders in patients with CCHS. Eur J Pediatr. 2021 Feb; 180(2):475. PMID: [33400017](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33400017).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

  5. **Balakrishnan K** , Perez IA, Keens TG, Sicolo A, Punati J, Danialifar T. Hirschsprung disease and other gastrointestinal motility disorders in patients with CCHS. Eur J Pediatr. 2021 Feb; 180(2):469-473. PMID: [33113016](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33113016).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33113016/citedby/) Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  6. . Colocolic intussusception in a 3 year old boy. 2018; 32:Pages 27-29.

  7. Abu-El-Haija M, Kumar S, Quiros JA, **Balakrishnan K** , Barth B, Bitton S, Eisses JF, Foglio EJ, Fox V, Francis D, Freeman AJ, Gonska T, Grover AS, Husain SZ, Kumar R, Lapsia S, Lin T, Liu QY, Maqbool A, Sellers ZM, Szabo F, Uc A, Werlin SL, Morinville VD. Management of Acute Pancreatitis in the Pediatric Population: A Clinical Report From the North American Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology and Nutrition Pancreas Committee. J Pediatr Gastroenterol Nutr. 2018 01; 66(1):159-176. PMID: [29280782](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29280782); PMCID: [PMC5755713](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5755713).

Citations:
[28](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29280782/citedby/) Fields:

Gas GastroenterologyNut Nutritional SciencesPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  8. **Balakrishnan K** , Fonacier F, Sood S, Bamji N, Bostwick H, Stringel G. Foregut Duplication Cysts in Children. JSLS. 2017 Apr-Jun; 21(2). PMID: [28642639](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28642639); PMCID: [PMC5464960](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5464960).

Citations:  Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 8 publications over 7 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in
2018](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,100,0,50,50,50,50,50&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2017| 1  
2018| 2  
2020| 1  
2021| 1  
2022| 1  
2023| 1  
2024| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

BALAKRISHNAN's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (46)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Eosinophilia](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/254096)
  * [Sleep Apnea, Central](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/247529)
  * [Hirschsprung Disease](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/248638)
  * [Colon](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/260246)
  * [Mediastinal Diseases](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/242216)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31586226/198)

_

Co-Authors (1)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [CHIOU, ERIC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266643)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31586226/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [SHULMAN, ROBERT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266712)
  * [GENTA, ROBERT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268136)
  * [GRAHAM, DAVID](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267259)
  * [EL-SERAG, HASHEM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269175)
  * [RAJU, GOTTUMUKKALA SUBBA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583917)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31586226/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [BEER, STACEY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/21983628)
  * [BRIGMAN, CATHERINE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/40860138)
  * [KARAM, LINA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265996)
  * [KAUL, ISHA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/41209084)
  * [SONI, KRISHNAKANT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17973046)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

