## CAGRI YILDIRIM TORUNER

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=Fao382yJGYL5Qob%2f6Xb2JaaZKRSYtycBHVIpNVs%3d&rnd=bb59a8bd-9839-4ccf-9aaa-325f60cf2659)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=31785621)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=31785621&cachekey=f6708792-7ca3-4563-9a45-f97ca4832928)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Biography  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
education and training

Hacettepe University, Ankara, Turkey| Doctor of Medicine MD| 06/1998| Medical
School  
---|---|---|---  
Rutgers New Jersey Medical School, Newark, NJ| Pediatrics| 06/2008| Residency  
Columbia University New York Presbyterian Medical Center, New York, NY|
Pediatric Rheumatology| 09/2011| Fellowship  
  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
awards and honors

2018 - 2019| Best Teacher of the Year (2018 and 2019) by Pediatric
Rheumatology Fellows, Nationwide Children's Hospital, Columbus, OH  
---|---  
2017| John Shulz Quality Improvement Award, Nationwide Children's Hospital,
Columbus, OH  
2008 - 2009| Consensus Treatment Plan (CTP) development and implementation,
Columbia University, New York, NY  
  
  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Overview  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
overview

Dr. Yildirim Toruner’s mission as a pediatric rheumatologist is to improve
outcomes of care of children with rheumatic diseases and raise awareness about
juvenile arthritis, lupus and other rare rheumatic diseases through better
education of patients and families as well as other medical professionals. She
strongly supports and practices shared decision-making strategies while taking
care of her patients: each patient and family’s preferences for disease
management, medication and treatment choices need to be addressed along with
most recent scientific developments.  
  
Dr. Yildirim Toruner’s research interest is in quality improvement (QI)
methods and patient-reported outcomes (PRO) measure development, validation,
and implementation in clinical care. She is involved in multiple QI projects
locally and nationally. She serves as the site Principle Investigator for the
Pediatric Rheumatology Care and Outcomes Improvement Network (https://PR-
COIN.org). This multi-hospital learning network brings together care teams
with parents and patients, employing QI science to improve the outcomes of
care of children with rheumatic disease.  
  
Dr. Yildirim Toruner is the current chair of the Implementation Science
workgroup within Childhood Arthritis and Research Alliance (CARRA).
Implementation Science is the scientific study of methods that promote the
systematic uptake of research findings and other evidence-based practices into
routine practice to improve the quality and effectiveness of health services.
Integration of QI and Implementation approaches can support improved health
outcomes and continuous learning.  
  
She is currently involved in CARRA as a group leader for CTP development in
treatment of refractory Kawasaki Disease. She was previously involved in CTP
development for treatment of lupus nephritis as well as treatment of PFAPA
(periodic fever, aphthous stomatitis, pharyngitis and adenitis syndrome). She
is working on implementation of CARRA CTPs by using implementation science
methods.  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
keywords

  * [Quality Improvement (QI)](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Quality Improvement \(QI\)&exactphrase=false)
  * [Shared decision making (SDM)](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Shared decision making \(SDM\)&exactphrase=false)
  * [Implementation science](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Implementation science&exactphrase=false)
  * [Consensus Treatment Plan (CTP) development and implementation](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Consensus Treatment Plan \(CTP\) development and implementation&exactphrase=false)
  * [Treat to target](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Treat to target&exactphrase=false)

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Bingham CA, Harris JG, Qiu T, Gilbert M, Vora SS, Yildirim-Toruner C, Ferraro K, Lovell DJ, Taylor J, Mannion ML, Weiss JE, Laxer RM, Shishov M, Oberle EJ, Gottlieb BS, Lee TC, Pan N, Burnham JM, Fair DC, Batthish M, Hazen MM, Spencer CH, Morgan EM, Pediatric Rheumatology Care and Outcomes Improvement Network. Pediatric Rheumatology Care and Outcomes Improvement Network's Quality Measure Set to Improve Care of Children With Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis. Arthritis Care Res (Hoboken). 2023 12; 75(12):2442-2452. PMID: [37308458](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37308458).

Citations:  Fields:

Rhe Rheumatology

Translation:Humans

  2. Mruk VM, Wise KA, Driest K, Oberle EJ, Ardoin SP, Sivaraman V, Stevens J, McGinnis A, Gallup J, Mitchell B, Lemle S, Jones S, Maher J, Berlan ED, Barbar-Smiley F, Yildirim-Toruner C, Yildirim-Toruner C. Preventing Teen Pregnancies on Teratogenic Drugs by Quality Improvement and Behavioral Economics. Pediatrics. 2023 01 01; 151(1). PMID: [36472082](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36472082).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

  3. Gorelik M, Chung SA, Ardalan K, Binstadt BA, Friedman K, Hayward K, Imundo LF, Lapidus SK, Kim S, Son MB, Sule S, Tremoulet AH, Van Mater H, Yildirim-Toruner C, Langford CA, Maz M, Abril A, Guyatt G, Archer AM, Conn DL, Full KA, Grayson PC, Ibarra MF, Merkel PA, Rhee RL, Seo P, Stone JH, Sundel RP, Vitobaldi OI, Warner A, Byram K, Dua AB, Husainat N, James KE, Kalot M, Lin YC, Springer JM, Turgunbaev M, Villa-Forte A, Turner AS, Mustafa RA. 2021 American College of Rheumatology/Vasculitis Foundation Guideline for the Management of Kawasaki Disease. Arthritis Care Res (Hoboken). 2022 04; 74(4):538-548. PMID: [35257507](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35257507).

Citations:

  4. Gorelik M, Chung SA, Ardalan K, Binstadt BA, Friedman K, Hayward K, Imundo LF, Lapidus SK, Kim S, Son MB, Sule S, Tremoulet AH, Van Mater H, Yildirim-Toruner C, Langford CA, Maz M, Abril A, Guyatt G, Archer AM, Conn DL, Full KA, Grayson PC, Ibarra MF, Merkel PA, Rhee RL, Seo P, Stone JH, Sundel RP, Vitobaldi OI, Warner A, Byram K, Dua AB, Husainat N, James KE, Kalot M, Lin YC, Springer JM, Turgunbaev M, Villa-Forte A, Turner AS, Mustafa RA. 2021 American College of Rheumatology/Vasculitis Foundation Guideline for the Management of Kawasaki Disease. Arthritis Rheumatol. 2022 04; 74(4):586-596. PMID: [35257501](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35257501).

Citations:

  5. Yildirim-Toruner C, Pooni R, Goh YI, Becker-Haimes E, Dearing JW, Fernandez ME, Morgan EM, Parry G, Burnham JM, Ardoin SP, Barbar-Smiley F, Chang JC, Chiraseveenuprapund P, Del Gaizo V, Eakin G, Johnson LC, Kimura Y, Knight AM, Kohlheim M, Lawson EF, Lo MS, Pan N, Ring A, Ronis T, Sadun RE, Smitherman EA, Taxter AJ, Taylor J, Vehe RK, Vora SS, Weiss JE, von Scheven E, MAS for the CARRA Implementation Science Workgroup. Translating research into practice-implementation recommendations for pediatric rheumatology; Proceedings of the childhood arthritis and rheumatology research alliance 2020 implementation science retreat. Pediatr Rheumatol Online J. 2022 Feb 07; 20(1):10. PMID: [35130904](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35130904); PMCID: [PMC8822721](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8822721).

Citations:

  6. El Tal T, Ryan ME, Feldman BM, Bingham CA, Burnham JM, Batthish M, Bullock D, Ferraro K, Gilbert M, [Gillispie-Taylor M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/35241227), Gottlieb B, Harris JG, Hazen M, Laxer RM, Lee TC, Lovell D, Mannion M, Noonan L, Oberle E, Taylor J, Weiss JE, Toruner CY, Morgan EM. Consensus Approach to a Treat-to-target Strategy in Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis Care: Report From the 2020 PR-COIN Consensus Conference. J Rheumatol. 2022 05; 49(5):497-503. PMID: [35105705](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35105705).

Citations:  Fields:

Rhe Rheumatology

Translation:Humans

  7. Smitherman EA, Goh I, Pooni R, Vora SS, Yildirim-Toruner C, von Scheven E. Implementation Science in Pediatric Rheumatology: A Path to Health Equity. Rheum Dis Clin North Am. 2022 02; 48(1):331-342. PMID: [34798956](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34798956).

Citations:

  8. Brown RA, Barbar-Smiley F, Yildirim-Toruner C, Ardura MI, Ardoin SP, Akoghlanian S. Reintroduction of immunosuppressive medications in pediatric rheumatology patients with histoplasmosis: a case series. Pediatr Rheumatol Online J. 2021 Jun 07; 19(1):84. PMID: [34098976](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34098976); PMCID: [PMC8185916](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8185916).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped PediatricsRhe Rheumatology

Translation:Humans

  9. Goh YI, Bullock DR, Taylor J, Pooni R, Lee TC, Vora SS, Yildirim-Toruner C, Morgan EM, Pan N, Harris JG, Warmin A, Wiegand K, Burnham JM, Barbar-Smiley F. Exploring Pediatric Tele-Rheumatology Practices During COVID-19: A Survey of the PRCOIN Network. Front Pediatr. 2021; 9:642460. PMID: [33748049](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33748049); PMCID: [PMC7970043](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7970043).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/33748049/citedby/)

  10. Amarilyo G, Rothman D, Manthiram K, Edwards KM, Li SC, Marshall GS, Yildirim-Toruner C, Haines K, Ferguson PJ, Lionetti G, Cherian J, Zhao Y, DeLaMora P, Syverson G, Nativ S, Twilt M, Michelow IC, Stepanovskiy Y, Thatayatikom A, Harel L, Akoghlanian S, Tucker L, Marques MC, Srinivasalu H, Propst EJ, Licameli GR, Dedeoglu F, Lapidus S, CARRA PFAPA Consensus Treatment Plan Workgroup. Consensus treatment plans for periodic fever, aphthous stomatitis, pharyngitis and adenitis syndrome (PFAPA): a framework to evaluate treatment responses from the childhood arthritis and rheumatology research alliance (CARRA) PFAPA work group. Pediatr Rheumatol Online J. 2020 Apr 15; 18(1):31. PMID: [32293478](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32293478); PMCID: [PMC7157990](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7157990).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32293478/citedby/) Fields:

Ped PediatricsRhe Rheumatology

Translation:Humans

  11. Sivaraman V, Wise KA, Cotton W, Barbar-Smiley F, AlAhmed O, MacDonald D, Lemle S, Yildirim-Toruner C, Ardoin SP, Ardura MI. Previsit Planning Improves Pneumococcal Vaccination Rates in Childhood-Onset SLE. Pediatrics. 2020 01; 145(1). PMID: [31879277](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31879277).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31879277/citedby/) Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:HumansPHPublic Health

  12. Jaggi P, Grcic M, Kovalchin J, Wilhelm CM, Yildirim-Toruner C, Texter K. Using the Electronic Medical Record to Correlate Kawasaki Disease Phenotypes With Clinical Outcomes. J Pediatric Infect Dis Soc. 2018 May 15; 7(2):119-123. PMID: [28383697](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28383697); PMCID: [PMC7107491](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7107491).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28383697/citedby/) Fields:

Com Communicable DiseasesPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  13. Boneparth A, Radhakrishna SM, Greenbaum LA, Yen E, Okamura DM, Cooper JC, Mason S, Levy DM, Sule SD, Jensen PT, Yildirim-Toruner C, Ardoin SP, Wenderfer SE. Approach to Membranous Lupus Nephritis: A Survey of Pediatric Nephrologists and Pediatric Rheumatologists. J Rheumatol. 2017 Nov; 44(11):1619-1623. PMID: [28916546](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28916546).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28916546/citedby/) Fields:

Rhe Rheumatology

Translation:Humans

  14. Nativ S, Isgro J, Rodrigues T, Yildirim-Toruner C, Starr A, Saiman L, Imundo L, Eichenfield A, Costa-Reis P. Major infections in a cohort of 120 patients with juvenile-onset systemic lupus erythematosus. Clin Immunol. 2013 Dec; 149(3):442-9. PMID: [24211846](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24211846).

Citations:
[9](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24211846/citedby/) Fields:

All Allergy and Immunology

Translation:Humans

  15. Mina R, von Scheven E, Ardoin SP, Eberhard BA, Punaro M, Ilowite N, Hsu J, Klein-Gitelman M, Moorthy LN, [Muscal E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270252), Radhakrishna SM, Wagner-Weiner L, Adams M, Blier P, Buckley L, Chalom E, Eichenfield A, Fish N, Henrickson M, Hersh AO, Hollister R, Jones O, Jung L, Levy D, Lopez-Benitez J, McCurdy D, Miettunen PM, Quintero-del Rio AI, Rothman D, Rullo O, Ruth N, Schanberg LE, Silverman E, Singer NG, Soep J, Syed R, Vogler LB, Yalcindag A, Yildirim-Toruner C, Wallace CA, Brunner HI, Carra SLE Subcommittee, Ch?deville G. Consensus treatment plans for induction therapy of newly diagnosed proliferative lupus nephritis in juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus. Arthritis Care Res (Hoboken). 2012 Mar; 64(3):375-83. PMID: [22162255](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22162255); PMCID: [PMC3457803](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3457803).

Citations:
[56](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22162255/citedby/) Fields:

Rhe Rheumatology

Translation:Humans

  16. Yildirim-Toruner C, Diamond B. Current and novel therapeutics in the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2011 Feb; 127(2):303-12; quiz 313-4. PMID: [21281862](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21281862); PMCID: [PMC3053574](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3053574).

Citations:
[56](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21281862/citedby/) Fields:

All Allergy and Immunology

Translation:Humans

  17. Yildirim-Toruner C, Kimura Y, Rabinovich E. Hodgkin's lymphoma and tumor necrosis factor inhibitors in juvenile idiopathic arthritis. J Rheumatol. 2008 Aug; 35(8):1680-1. PMID: [18671328](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18671328).

Citations:
[11](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18671328/citedby/) Fields:

Rhe Rheumatology

Translation:Humans

  18. Husain S, Yildirim-Toruner C, Rubio JP, Field J, Southern MS Genetics Consortium, Schwalb M, Cook S, Devoto M, Vitale E. Variants of ST8SIA1 are associated with risk of developing multiple sclerosis. PLoS One. 2008 Jul 09; 3(7):e2653. PMID: [18612409](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18612409); PMCID: [PMC2440423](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2440423).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18612409/citedby/) Fields:

Med Medicine (General)Sci Science

Translation:Humans

  19. Yildirim-Toruner C, Subramanian K, El Manjra L, Chen E, Goldstein S, Vitale E. A novel frameshift mutation of FOXC2 gene in a family with hereditary lymphedema-distichiasis syndrome associated with renal disease and diabetes mellitus. Am J Med Genet A. 2004 Dec 15; 131(3):281-6. PMID: [15523639](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15523639).

Citations:
[11](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/15523639/citedby/) Fields:

Gen Genetics

Translation:HumansCells

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 19 publications over 11 distinct years, with a maximum of
5 publications in
2022](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|5&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,20,0,0,0,40,0,0,20,20,20,0,0,0,20,20,0,40,40,100,40,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2004| 1  
2008| 2  
2011| 1  
2012| 1  
2013| 1  
2017| 1  
2018| 1  
2020| 2  
2021| 2  
2022| 5  
2023| 2  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

YILDIRIM TORUNER's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (122)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Rheumatology](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/253595)
  * [Arthritis, Juvenile](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/257993)
  * [Teratogens](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/242468)
  * [Pregnancy in Adolescence](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/243364)
  * [Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/260165)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31785621/198)

_

Co-Authors (2)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [GILLISPIE-TAYLOR, MIRIAH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/35241227)
  * [MUSCAL, EYAL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270252)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31785621/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [SINGH, JASVINDER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/47100929)
  * [SUAREZ-ALMAZOR, MARIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583856)
  * [KANTARJIAN, HAGOP M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582901)
  * [BATES, DAVID](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265690)
  * [VIRANI, SALIM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268389)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31785621/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [KWAN, OLIVIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/40963401)
  * [LAI, JAMIE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/29494249)
  * [NGUYEN, MAILAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/30445282)
  * [PEREIRA, MARIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/14348243)
  * [VOGEL, TIPHANIE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/18883198)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

