## HENRY WELCH

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=Hq4%2b83yJF475RYfN4njPZLGIMg%3d%3d&rnd=fc7db0c9-6443-4f6e-94d3-8862fca83196)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=3494056)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Overview  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
overview

Interests: Malnutrition, HIV, tuberculosis, global & international health,
infectious disease, global health research, Baylor International Pediatric
AIDS Initiative (BIPAI)  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
keywords

  * [Tuberculosis](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Tuberculosis&exactphrase=false)
  * [HIV](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=HIV&exactphrase=false)
  * [Malnutrition in Children](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Malnutrition in Children&exactphrase=false)
  * [Education, Medical](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Education, Medical&exactphrase=false)
  * [Global Health](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=Global Health&exactphrase=false)
  * [International Health](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=everything&searchfor=International Health&exactphrase=false)

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Apis V, Landi M, Graham SM, Islam T, Amini J, Sabumi G, [Mandalakas AM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269968), Meae T, du Cros P, Shewade HD, **Welch H**. Outcomes in children treated for tuberculosis with the new dispersible fixed-dose combinations in Port Moresby. Public Health Action. 2019 Sep 21; 9(Suppl 1):S32-S37. PMID: [31579647](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31579647); PMCID: [PMC6735452](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6735452).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31579647/citedby/)

  2. Amare AT, Kebede ZT, **Welch HD**. Epidemiology of bacterial meningitis in children admitted to Gondar University Hospital in the post pneumococcal vaccine era. Pan Afr Med J. 2018; 31:193. PMID: [31086637](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31086637); PMCID: [PMC6488968](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6488968).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31086637/citedby/) Fields:

Med Medicine (General)

Translation:HumansCells

  3. Orelly T, **Welch H** , Machine E, Pameh W, Duke T. Human immunodeficiency virus status disclosure and education for children and adolescents in Papua New Guinea. J Paediatr Child Health. 2018 07; 54(7):728-734. PMID: [29436053](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29436053).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  4. Duke T, Kasa Tom S, Poka H, **Welch H**. Holistic care of complicated tuberculosis in healthcare settings with limited resources. Arch Dis Child. 2017 12; 102(12):1161-1168. PMID: [28912165](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28912165); PMCID: [PMC5754861](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5754861).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28912165/citedby/) Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  5. Kasa Tom S, **Welch H** , Kilalang C, Tefuarani N, Vince J, Lavu E, Johnson K, Magaye R, Duke T. Evaluation of Xpert MTB/RIF assay in children with presumed pulmonary tuberculosis in Papua New Guinea. Paediatr Int Child Health. 2018 05; 38(2):97-105. PMID: [28490246](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28490246).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28490246/citedby/) Fields:

Ped PediatricsTro Tropical Medicine

Translation:HumansCells

  6. Landi M, Swakin E, Minijihau C, **Welch H** , Tefuarani N, Duke T. Severe malnutrition in children in Papua New Guinea: effect of a multi-faceted intervention to improve quality of care and nutritional outcomes. Paediatr Int Child Health. 2017 Feb; 37(1):21-28. PMID: [26750043](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26750043).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26750043/citedby/) Fields:

Ped PediatricsTro Tropical Medicine

Translation:Humans

  7. Pernica JM, Steenhoff AP, **Welch H** , Mokomane M, Quaye I, Arscott-Mills T, Mazhani L, Lechiile K, Mahony J, Smieja M, Goldfarb DM. Correlation of Clinical Outcomes With Multiplex Molecular Testing of Stool From Children Admitted to Hospital With Gastroenteritis in Botswana. J Pediatric Infect Dis Soc. 2016 Sep; 5(3):312-8. PMID: [26407262](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26407262); PMCID: [PMC5125452](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5125452).

Citations:
[16](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26407262/citedby/) Fields:

Com Communicable DiseasesPed Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  8. **Welch H** , Steenhoff AP, Chakalisa U, Arscott-Mills T, Mazhani L, Mokomane M, Foster-Fabiano S, Wirth KE, Skinn A, Pernica JM, Smieja M, Goldfarb DM. Hospital-based surveillance for rotavirus gastroenteritis using molecular testing and immunoassay during the 2011 season in Botswana. Pediatr Infect Dis J. 2013 May; 32(5):570-2. PMID: [23340563](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23340563); PMCID: [PMC3874800](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3874800).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23340563/citedby/) Fields:

Com Communicable DiseasesPed Pediatrics

Translation:HumansCellsPHPublic Health

  9. **Welch H** , Hasbun R. Lumbar puncture and cerebrospinal fluid analysis. Handb Clin Neurol. 2010; 96:31-49. PMID: [20109673](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20109673).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20109673/citedby/) Fields:

Neu Neurology

Translation:Humans

  10. Silva PD, **Welch HD**. Laparoscopic removal of a symptomatic rudimentary uterine horn in a perimenarchal adolescent. JSLS. 2002 Oct-Dec; 6(4):377-9. PMID: [12500840](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12500840); PMCID: [PMC3043456](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3043456).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/12500840/citedby/) Fields:

Gen General Surgery

Translation:Humans

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 10 publications over 8 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in 2017 and
2018](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,0,0,50,0,50,50,100,100,50,0,0,0,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2002| 1  
2010| 1  
2013| 1  
2015| 1  
2016| 1  
2017| 2  
2018| 2  
2019| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

WELCH's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (80)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Meningitis, Bacterial](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/243198)
  * [Holistic Health](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/245701)
  * [Pneumococcal Vaccines](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/257136)
  * [Medically Underserved Area](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/249969)
  * [Pneumococcal Infections](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/246090)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3494056/198)

_

Co-Authors (1)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [MANDALAKAS, ANNA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269968)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3494056/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [KAPLAN, SHELDON](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266443)
  * [MANDALAKAS, ANNA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269968)
  * [HULTEN, KRISTINA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267551)
  * [CRUZ, ANDREA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269697)
  * [MUSHER, DANIEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267420)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3494056/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [DINARDO, ANDREW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/1826499)
  * [FREDRICKS, KARLA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478989)
  * [LANGE, CHRISTOPH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/34309720)
  * [MANDALAKAS, ANNA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269968)
  * [NSANGI, BETTY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265713)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

Physical Neighbors
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People whose addresses are nearby this person.

  * [DELEMOS, DAVID](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266603)
  * [DINARDO, ANDREW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/1826499)
  * [MANDALAKAS, ANNA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269968)
  * [NSANGI, BETTY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265713)
  * [ZHAN, BIN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266656)

_

