## MICHAEL DZAKOVICH

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1100 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=G6Iz6WTCLMXRXI7m723LKbysJRKH2SAGBQ%3d%3d&rnd=fccd40c1-86b1-4f4c-89a5-71d827848ca2)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=37104214)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. **Dzakovich MP** , Goggans ML, Thomas-Ahner JM, [Moran NE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17440188), Clinton SK, Francis DM, Cooperstone JL. Transcriptomics and Metabolomics Reveal Tomato Consumption Alters Hepatic Xenobiotic Metabolism and Induces Steroidal Alkaloid Metabolite Accumulation in Mice. Mol Nutr Food Res. 2024 Feb; 68(4):e2300239. PMID: [38212250](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38212250).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/38212250/citedby/) Fields:

Nut Nutritional Sciences

Translation:Animals

  2. **Dzakovich MP** , Debelo H, Albertsen MC, Che P, Jones TJ, Simon MK, Zhao ZY, Glassman K, Ferruzzi MG. Trait stacking simultaneously enhances provitamin A carotenoid and mineral bioaccessibility in biofortified Sorghum bicolor. Food Funct. 2023 Jul 31; 14(15):7053-7065. PMID: [37449680](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37449680).

Citations:  Fields:

Bio BiochemistryChe ChemistryNut Nutritional SciencesPhy Physiology

Translation:HumansAnimals

  3. **Dzakovich MP** , Francis DM, Cooperstone JL. Steroidal alkaloid biosynthesis is coordinately regulated and differs among tomatoes in the red-fruited clade. Plant Genome. 2022 06; 15(2):e20192. PMID: [35184399](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35184399).

Citations:  Fields:

Bot BotanyGen Genetics

Translation:Animals

  4. **Dzakovich MP** , Hartman JL, Cooperstone JL. A High-Throughput Extraction and Analysis Method for Steroidal Glycoalkaloids in Tomato. Front Plant Sci. 2020; 11:767. PMID: [32636855](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32636855); PMCID: [PMC7318899](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7318899).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32636855/citedby/)

  5. Shetge SA, **Dzakovich MP** , Cooperstone JL, Kleinmeier D, Redan BW. Concentrations of the Opium Alkaloids Morphine, Codeine, and Thebaine in Poppy Seeds are Reduced after Thermal and Washing Treatments but are Not Affected when Incorporated in a Model Baked Product. J Agric Food Chem. 2020 May 06; 68(18):5241-5248. PMID: [32302121](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32302121); PMCID: [PMC9087216](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9087216).

Citations:
[8](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32302121/citedby/) Fields:

Che ChemistryNut Nutritional Sciences

Translation:Animals

  6. **Dzakovich MP** , Gas-Pascual E, Orchard CJ, Sari EN, Riedl KM, Schwartz SJ, Francis DM, Cooperstone JL. Analysis of Tomato Carotenoids: Comparing Extraction and Chromatographic Methods. J AOAC Int. 2019 Jul 01; 102(4):1069-1079. PMID: [30786953](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30786953); PMCID: [PMC7077994](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7077994).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30786953/citedby/) Fields:

Che Chemistry Techniques

Translation:Animals

  7. **Dzakovich MP** , Ferruzzi MG, Mitchell CA. Manipulating Sensory and Phytochemical Profiles of Greenhouse Tomatoes Using Environmentally Relevant Doses of Ultraviolet Radiation. J Agric Food Chem. 2016 Sep 14; 64(36):6801-8. PMID: [27561664](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27561664).

Citations:
[8](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/27561664/citedby/) Fields:

Che ChemistryNut Nutritional Sciences

Translation:HumansAnimals

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 7 publications over 6 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in
2020](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,0,0,50,100,0,50,50,50&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2016| 1  
2019| 1  
2020| 2  
2022| 1  
2023| 1  
2024| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

DZAKOVICH's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (49)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Alkaloids](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/250882)
  * [Carotenoids](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/250182)
  * [6-Phytase](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/263325)
  * [Sorghum](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/258298)
  * [Chromatography, High Pressure Liquid](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/262283)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104214/198)

_

Co-Authors (1)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [MORAN, NANCY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17440188)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104214/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [MORAN, NANCY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17440188)
  * [GAO, SONG](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583458)
  * [Silva de Oliveira, Athos](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/39729670)
  * [BOERWINKLE, ERIC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267689)
  * [AMOS, CHRIS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23372697)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37104214/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [BACHA, FIDA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266181)
  * [GINNARD, OLIVIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37888840)
  * [JAHOOR, FAROOK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268146)
  * [WONG, WILLIAM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267955)
  * [WOOD, ALEXIS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/4897371)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

