## LISA AYOUB-RODRIGUEZ

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=GqIj4CvmOYTgRMLf73%2fQI7OZIguqlSYPXhkoJA%3d%3d&rnd=88ce8d04-f8b6-4420-98a4-33c1e621ec26)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=38231765)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. **Ayoub-Rodriguez L** , [Fredricks K](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478989), Griffin M. The Health of Immigrant Children on the Border. Acad Pediatr. 2024 Jul; 24(5S):44-45. PMID: [38991801](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38991801).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  2. [Klinepeter E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31721875), [Dalton EM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/40725597), [Mbroh H](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/38304508), Bobbitt D, **Ayoub-Rodriguez L**. The Disposition Dilemma: Delivering Holistic Care for Youths With Autism in an Acute Care Hospital. Hosp Pediatr. 2024 May 01; 14(5):e235-e239. PMID: [38639041](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38639041).

Citations:  Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

  3. Delgado RI, De la Rosa M, Picado MA, **Ayoub-Rodriguez L** , Gonzalez CE, Gemoets L. Cost of care for asylum seekers and refugees entering the United States: The case of volunteer medical providers in El Paso, Texas. PLoS One. 2022; 17(12):e0278386. PMID: [36454915](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36454915); PMCID: [PMC9714800](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9714800).

Citations:  Fields:

Med Medicine (General)Sci Science

Translation:Humans

  4. Fonseca JA, Guerrero G, Leiner M, Khilji O, Intal L, **Ayoub-Rodriguez L** , Pathak I. Factors Affecting Neurological Presentation and Severity in Pediatric Off-Highway Vehicle Accidents in Texas. South Med J. 2022 09; 115(9):674-680. PMID: [36055654](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36055654).

Citations:

  5. Hoffman BD, Rose J, Best D, Linton J, Chapman S, Lossius M, Aligne A, Collins C, **Ayoub-Rodriguez L**. The Community Pediatrics Training Initiative Project Planning Tool: A Practical Approach to Community-Based Advocacy. MedEdPORTAL. 2017 09 18; 13:10630. PMID: [30800831](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30800831); PMCID: [PMC6338167](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6338167).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30800831/citedby/) Fields:

Edu EducationMed Medicine (General)

Translation:Humans

  6. [Castillo H](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268850), **Ayoub-Rodriguez L** , Jennings JE, Jones K, Oliver S, Schubert CJ, Dewitt T, Castillo J. The resident decision-making process in global health education: appraising factors influencing participation. Clin Pediatr (Phila). 2012 May; 51(5):462-7. PMID: [22278174](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22278174).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22278174/citedby/) Fields:

Ped Pediatrics

Translation:Humans

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 6 publications over 4 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in 2022 and
2024](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,0,0,0,0,50,0,0,0,0,100,0,100&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2012| 1  
2017| 1  
2022| 2  
2024| 2  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

AYOUB-RODRIGUEZ's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (37)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Emigrants and Immigrants](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/245146)
  * [Autistic Disorder](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/247056)
  * [Child Advocacy](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/258782)
  * [Health Education](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/243523)
  * [Pediatrics](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265149)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/38231765/198)

_

Co-Authors (6)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [KLINEPETER, ELIZABETH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/31721875)
  * [FREDRICKS, KARLA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478989)
  * [MBROH, HAYDEN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/38304508)
  * [DALTON, EVAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/40725597)
  * [CASTILLO, HEIDI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268850)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/38231765/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [STORCH, ERIC](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478906)
  * [RAPHAEL, JEAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265546)
  * [KOCHEL, ROBIN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269260)
  * [TURNER, TERI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266661)
  * [CASTILLO, HEIDI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268850)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/38231765/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [COHEN, ADAM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/24845069)
  * [LO, HUAY-YING](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267172)
  * [ROCHA, MARY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268324)
  * [SUNDARESAN, JANANI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/40909215)
  * [UREMOVICH, VICKI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15317881)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

