## NESTOR UZCATEGUI ARAUJO

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=GK4j9WrVbr7vRY755XzXI5WeJgSAmAViExFiNErB&rnd=98b504c0-40c9-4bc4-b27c-1a96d64ff769)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=39966314)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. [Hotez PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266166), [Bottazzi ME](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269365), Islam NY, Lee J, [Pollet J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102688), [Poveda C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37834418), [Strych U](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8065526), [Thimmiraju SR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/35015443), Uzcategui NL, Versteeg L, [Gorelick D](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478773). The zebrafish as a potential model for vaccine and adjuvant development. Expert Rev Vaccines. 2024 Jan-Dec; 23(1):535-545. PMID: [38664959](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38664959).

Citations:  Fields:

All Allergy and Immunology

Translation:HumansAnimals

  2. [Thimmiraju SR](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/35015443), Adhikari R, Villar MJ, Lee J, Liu Z, Kundu R, Chen YL, Sharma S, Ghei K, Keegan B, Versteeg L, Gillespie PM, Ciciriello A, Islam NY, [Poveda C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37834418), Uzcategui N, [Chen WH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478750), [Kimata JT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268949), [Zhan B](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266656), [Strych U](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8065526), [Bottazzi ME](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269365), [Hotez PJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266166), [Pollet J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102688). A Recombinant Protein XBB.1.5 RBD/Alum/CpG Vaccine Elicits High Neutralizing Antibody Titers against Omicron Subvariants of SARS-CoV-2. Vaccines (Basel). 2023 Oct 01; 11(10). PMID: [37896960](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37896960); PMCID: [PMC10610638](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10610638).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/37896960/citedby/)

  3. Uzcategui NL, Güçer S, Richter C, Speidel A, Zirdum E, Duszenko M, Garaschuk O, Figarella K, G??er S. Live imaging of microglia during sleeping sickness reveals early and heterogeneous inflammatory responses. Front Immunol. 2023; 14:1253648. PMID: [37781403](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37781403); PMCID: [PMC10534015](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10534015).

Citations:

  4. González-Bacerio J, Arocha I, Aguado ME, Méndez Y, Marsiccobetre S, Izquierdo M, Rivera DG, Figarella K, Uzcátegui NL, Gonz?lez-Bacerio J, M?ndez Y, Uzc?tegui NL. KBE009: A Bestatin-Like Inhibitor of the Trypanosoma cruzi Acidic M17 Aminopeptidase with In Vitro Anti-Trypanosomal Activity. Life (Basel). 2021 Oct 01; 11(10). PMID: [34685408](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34685408); PMCID: [PMC8540442](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8540442).

Citations:

  5. Finol HJ, Garcia-Lunardi E, González R, Girón ME, Uzcátegui NL, Rodríguez-Acosta A, Finol HJ, Gonz?lez R, Gir?n ME, Uzc?tegui NL, Rodr?guez-Acosta A. Qualitative and Quantitative Study of the Changes in the Ultrastructure of Mammalian Adrenal Cortex Caused by the Venezuelan Tigra Mariposa (Bothrops venezuelensis) Snake Venom. J Microsc Ultrastruct. 2020 Jul-Sep; 8(3):104-114. PMID: [33282685](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33282685); PMCID: [PMC7703017](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7703017).

Citations:

  6. Olmedillas Del Moral M, Asavapanumas N, Uzcátegui NL, Garaschuk O, Olmedillas Del Moral M, Asavapanumas N, Uzc?tegui NL, Garaschuk O. Healthy Brain Aging Modifies Microglial Calcium Signaling In Vivo. Int J Mol Sci. 2019 Jan 30; 20(3). PMID: [30704036](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30704036); PMCID: [PMC6386999](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6386999).

Citations:

  7. Rojas V, Ortiz YY, Rodríguez S, Araque V, Rodríguez-Acosta A, Figarella K, Uzcátegui NL, Rojas V, Ortiz YY, Rodr?guez S, Araque V, Rodr?guez-Acosta A, Figarella K, Uzc?tegui NL. Rhinella marina oocytes: a suitable alternative expression system for functional characterization of aquaglyceroporins. Sci Rep. 2019 01 10; 9(1):18. PMID: [30631140](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30631140); PMCID: [PMC6328568](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6328568).

Citations:

  8. Figarella K, Uzcategui NL, Duszenko M, Figarella K, Uzcategui NL, Duszenko M. Assessment of Parasite-Microglia Interactions In Vitro. Methods Mol Biol. 2019; 2034:149-161. PMID: [31392683](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31392683).

Citations:

  9. Figarella K, Uzcategui NL, Mogk S, Wild K, Fallier-Becker P, Neher JJ, Duszenko M, Figarella K, Mogk S, Wild K, Fallier-Becker P, Neher JJ, Duszenko M. Morphological changes, nitric oxide production, and phagocytosis are triggered in vitro in microglia by bloodstream forms of Trypanosoma brucei. Sci Rep. 2018 10 09; 8(1):15002. PMID: [30302029](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30302029); PMCID: [PMC6177420](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6177420).

Citations:

  10. Uzcátegui NL, Figarella K, Segnini A, Marsiccobetre S, Lang F, Beitz E, Rodríguez-Acosta A, Bertl A, Uzc?tegui NL, Figarella K, Lang F, Rodr?guez-Acosta A, Bertl A. Trypanosoma brucei aquaglyceroporins mediate the transport of metabolic end-products: Methylglyoxal, D-lactate, L-lactate and acetate. Biochim Biophys Acta Biomembr. 2018 11; 1860(11):2252-2261. PMID: [30409521](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30409521).

Citations:

  11. Girón ME, Padrón V, Ramos MI, Sánchez EE, Guerrero B, García A, Uzcátegui NL, Navarrete LF, Rodríguez-Acosta A, Gir?n ME, Padr?n V, Ramos MI, S?nchez EE, Guerrero B, Garc?a A, Uzc?tegui NL, Navarrete LF, Rodr?guez-Acosta A. Intraspecies geographical variability in the South American tigra mariposa (Bothrops venezuelensis Sandner 1952) snake venom activities. Toxicon. 2018 Mar 15; 144:23-33. PMID: [29407163](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29407163); PMCID: [PMC6380184](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6380184).

Citations:

  12. Marsiccobetre S, Rodríguez-Acosta A, Lang F, Figarella K, Uzcátegui NL, Rodr?guez-Acosta A, Uzc?tegui NL. Aquaglyceroporins Are the Entry Pathway of Boric Acid in Trypanosoma brucei. Biochim Biophys Acta Biomembr. 2017 May; 1859(5):679-685. PMID: [28087364](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28087364).

Citations:

  13. Abousaab A, Uzcategui NL, Elsir B, Lang F. Up-Regulation of the Excitatory Amino Acid Transporters EAAT1 and EAAT2 by Mammalian Target of Rapamycin. Cell Physiol Biochem. 2016; 39(6):2492-2500. PMID: [27855402](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27855402).

Citations:

  14. Suntravat M, Helmke TJ, Atphaisit C, Cuevas E, Lucena SE, Uzcátegui NL, Sánchez EE, Rodriguez-Acosta A, Uzc?tegui NL, S?nchez EE, Rodriguez-Acosta A. Expression, purification, and analysis of three recombinant ECD disintegrins (r-colombistatins) from P-III class snake venom metalloproteinases affecting platelet aggregation and SK-MEL-28 cell adhesion. Toxicon. 2016 Nov; 122:43-49. PMID: [27641750](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27641750); PMCID: [PMC5175399](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5175399).

Citations:

  15. Suntravat M, Uzcategui NL, Atphaisit C, Helmke TJ, Lucena SE, Sánchez EE, Rodríguez-Acosta A, Uzcategui NL, S?nchez EE, Rodr?guez-Acosta A. Erratum to: Gene expression profiling of the venom gland from the Venezuelan mapanare (Bothrops colombiensis) using expressed sequence tags (ESTs). BMC Mol Biol. 2016 May 24; 17(1):13. PMID: [27220910](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27220910); PMCID: [PMC4879745](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4879745).

Citations:

  16. Lucena S, Rodríguez-Acosta A, Grilli E, Alfonso A, Goins A, Ogbata I, Walls R, Suntravat M, Uzcátegui NL, Guerrero B, Sánchez EE, Rodr?guez-Acosta A, Uzc?tegui NL, Guerrero B, S?nchez EE. The characterization of trans-pecos copperhead (Agkistrodon contortrix pictigaster) venom and isolation of two new dimeric disintegrins. Biologicals. 2016 Jul; 44(4):191-197. PMID: [27068364](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27068364); PMCID: [PMC6425481](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6425481).

Citations:

  17. Suntravat M, Uzcategui NL, Atphaisit C, Helmke TJ, Lucena SE, Sánchez EE, Acosta AR, Uzcategui NL, S?nchez EE, Acosta AR. Gene expression profiling of the venom gland from the Venezuelan mapanare (Bothrops colombiensis) using expressed sequence tags (ESTs). BMC Mol Biol. 2016 Mar 05; 17:7. PMID: [26944950](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26944950); PMCID: [PMC4779267](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4779267).

Citations:

  18. Ahmed M, Fezai M, Uzcategui NL, Hosseinzadeh Z, Lang F. SGK3 Sensitivity of Voltage Gated K+ Channel Kv1.5 (KCNA5). Cell Physiol Biochem. 2016; 38(1):359-67. PMID: [26824455](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26824455).

Citations:

  19. Klionsky DJ, Abdelmohsen K, Abe A, Abedin MJ, Abeliovich H, Acevedo Arozena A, Adachi H, Adams CM, Adams PD, Adeli K, Adhihetty PJ, Adler SG, Agam G, Agarwal R, Aghi MK, Agnello M, Agostinis P, Aguilar PV, Aguirre-Ghiso J, Airoldi EM, Akematsu T, Akporiaye ET, Al-Rubeai M, Albanese C, Albani D, Albert ML, Aldudo J, Alirezaei M, Alloza I, Almasan A, Alnemri ES, Altan-Bonnet N, Altieri DC, Alvarez S, Alvarez-Erviti L, Alves S, Amadoro G, Amano A, Amantini C, Ambrosio S, Amelio I, Amer AO, Amessou M, Amon A, An Z, Anania FA, Andersen SU, Andley UP, Andreadi CK, Anel A, Ann DK, Anoopkumar-Dukie S, Antonioli M, Aoki H, Apostolova N, Aquila S, Aquilano K, Araki K, Arama E, Aranda A, Araya J, Arcaro A, Arias E, Arimoto H, Ariosa AR, Armstrong JL, Arnould T, Arsov I, Asanuma K, Askanas V, Asselin E, Atarashi R, Atherton SS, Atkin JD, Attardi LD, Auberger P, Auburger G, Aurelian L, Autelli R, Avagliano L, Avantaggiati ML, Avrahami L, Awale S, Azad N, Bachetti T, Backer JM, Bae DH, Bae JS, Bae ON, Bae SH, Baehrecke EH, Baek SH, Bagniewska-Zadworna A, Bai H, Bai J, Bai XY, Balaji KN, Balduini W, [Ballabio A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266220), Balzan R, Banerjee R, Bao H, Barrachina MD, Barreiro E, Bartel B, Bassham DC, Bassi MT, Bast RC, Basu A, Batista MT, Battino M, Bauckman K, Baumgarner BL, Bayer KU, Beale R, Beck GR, Beckham JD, Bednarski PJ, Begley TJ, Behl C, Behrends C, Behrens GM, Behrns KE, Bejarano E, Belaid A, Belleudi F, Berchem G, Bergamaschi D, Bergami M, Berkhout B, Berliocchi L, Bernassola F, Bertolotti A, Bess AS, Bettuzzi S, Bhalla S, Bhattacharyya S, Bhutia SK, Biagosch C, Bingol B, Bird SW, Bjedov I, Blackstone C, Blanc L, Blanco GA, Blomhoff HK, Boada-Romero E, Boes M, Boesze-Battaglia K, Boise LH, Bolino A, Bonaldo P, Bordi M, Boulton ME, Bouret SG, Bozhkov PV, Brady N, Braga VM, Brancolini C, Brennan LA, Bresnick EH, Brest P, Bridges D, Brini M, Brodin B, Brookes PS, Brown EJ, Brown K, Broxmeyer HE, Brumell JH, Brunetti-Pierri N, Bryson-Richardson RJ, Buch S, Buchan AM, Budak H, Bulavin DV, Bultman SJ, Bultynck G, Bumbasirevic V, Burke RE, Burmeister M, Caberlotto L, Cadwell K, Cahova M, Cai D, Cai J, Cai Q, Calatayud S, Campanella M, Campbell GR, Campbell M, Campello S, Caniggia I, Cantoni L, Cao L, Caplan AB, Caraglia M, Cardinali C, Cardoso SM, Carew JS, Carleton LA, Carlin CR, Carloni S, Carmona-Gutierrez D, Carneiro LA, Carnevali O, Carra S, Carroll B, Casas J, Cassinelli G, Castets P, Castro-Obregon S, Cavallini G, Ceccherini I, Cecconi F, Cederbaum AI, Cervia D, Cetrullo S, Chae HJ, Chagin AS, Chai CY, Chakrabarti G, Chamilos G, Chan EY, Chan MT, Chandra D, Chandra P, Chang CP, Chang RC, Chang TY, Chatham JC, Chatterjee S, Chauhan S, Che Y, Cheetham ME, Cheluvappa R, Chen CJ, Chen G, Chen GC, Chen G, Chen H, Chen JW, Chen JK, Chen M, Chen M, Chen P, Chen Q, Chen Q, Chen SD, Chen S, Chen SS, Chen W, Chen WJ, Chen WQ, Chen W, Chen X, Chen YH, Chen YG, Chen Y, Chen Y, Chen Y, Chen YJ, Chen YQ, Chen Y, Chen Z, Chen Z, Cheng A, Cheng CH, Cheng H, Cheong H, Cherry S, Chesney J, Cheung CH, Chi HC, Chi SG, Chiacchiera F, Chiang HL, Chiarelli R, Chiariello M, Chieppa M, Chin LS, Chiong M, Chiu GN, Cho DH, Cho SG, Cho WC, Cho YY, Cho YS, Choi AM, Choi EJ, Choi EK, Choi J, Choi ME, Choi SI, Chou TF, Chouaib S, Choubey D, Choubey V, Chow KC, Chu CT, Chuang TH, Chun T, Chung H, Chung T, Chung YL, Chwae YJ, Cianfanelli V, Ciarcia R, Ciechomska IA, Ciriolo MR, Cirone M, Claerhout S, Clague MJ, Clarke PG, Clarke R, Clementi E, Cnop M, Cocco T, Cohen EE, Colecchia D, Coletto L, Comincini S, Condello M, Cook KL, Coombs GH, Cooper CD, Cooper JM, Coppens I, Corasaniti MT, Corazzari M, Corbalan R, Corcelle-Termeau E, Cordero MD, Corti O, Cossarizza A, Costelli P, Costes S, Cotman SL, Coto-Montes A, Cottet S, Covey LR, Cowart LA, Cox JS, Coxon FP, Coyne CB, Cragg MS, Craven RJ, Crepaldi T, Criollo A, Crippa V, Cruz MT, Cuervo AM, Cuezva JM, Cui T, Cutillas PR, Czaja MJ, Czyzyk-Krzeska MF, Dagda RK, et al. Guidelines for the use and interpretation of assays for monitoring autophagy (3rd edition). Autophagy. 2016; 12(1):1-222. PMID: [26799652](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26799652); PMCID: [PMC4835977](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4835977).

Citations:
[2567](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/26799652/citedby/)
Fields:

Cel Cell Biology

Translation:HumansAnimals

  20. Figarella K, Marsiccobetre S, Arocha I, Colina W, Hasegawa M, Rodriguez M, Rodriguez-Acosta A, Duszenko M, Benaim G, Uzcategui NL, Benaim G. Ergosterone-coupled Triazol molecules trigger mitochondrial dysfunction, oxidative stress, and acidocalcisomal Ca2+ release in Leishmania mexicana promastigotes. Microb Cell. 2015 Dec 11; 3(1):14-28. PMID: [28357313](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28357313); PMCID: [PMC5354587](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5354587).

Citations:

  21. . Biological and biochemical characterization of the Neotropical Macagua (Bothrops colombiensis) snake venom from Barlovento region, Miranda state, Venezuela. Revista Cubana de Medicina Tropica. 2015; 67(2):213-230. [View Publication](https://www.medigraphic.com/cgi-bin/new/resumenI.cgi?IDARTICULO=63224
).

  22. Sánchez EE, Girón ME, Uzcátegui NL, Guerrero B, Saucedo M, Cuevas E, Rodríguez-Acosta A, S?nchez EE, Gir?n ME, Uzc?tegui NL, Guerrero B, Rodr?guez-Acosta A. Biochemical and biological characterisation of lancehead (Bothrops venezuelensis Sandner 1952) snake venom from the Venezuelan Central Coastal range. Bol Malariol Salud Ambient. 2014 Aug-Dec; 54(2):138-149. PMID: [31097966](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31097966); PMCID: [PMC6516077](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6516077).

Citations:

  23. Figarella K, Uzcátegui NL, Uzc?tegui NL. What's the role of autophagy in trypanosomes? Microb Cell. 2014 Jan 06; 1(1):6-8. PMID: [28362006](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28362006); PMCID: [PMC5349161](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5349161).

Citations:

  24. Uzcátegui NL, Figarella K, Bassarak B, Meza NW, Mukhopadhyay R, Ramirez JL, Duszenko M, Uzc?tegui NL. Trypanosoma brucei aquaglyceroporins facilitate the uptake of arsenite and antimonite in a pH dependent way. Cell Physiol Biochem. 2013; 32(4):880-8. PMID: [24217645](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24217645).

Citations:

  25. Bassarak B, Uzcátegui NL, Schönfeld C, Duszenko M, Bassarak B, Uzc?tegui NL, Sch?nfeld C. Functional characterization of three aquaglyceroporins from Trypanosoma brucei in osmoregulation and glycerol transport. Cell Physiol Biochem. 2011; 27(3-4):411-20. PMID: [21471730](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21471730).

Citations:

  26. Mukhopadhyay R, Mandal G, Atluri VS, Figarella K, Uzcategui NL, Zhou Y, Beitz E, Ajees AA, Bhattacharjee H. The role of alanine 163 in solute permeability of Leishmania major aquaglyceroporin LmAQP1. Mol Biochem Parasitol. 2011 Jan; 175(1):83-90. PMID: [20888371](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20888371); PMCID: [PMC2974021](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2974021).

Citations:

  27. Uzcategui NL, Zhou Y, Figarella K, Ye J, Mukhopadhyay R, Bhattacharjee H. Alteration in glycerol and metalloid permeability by a single mutation in the extracellular C-loop of Leishmania major aquaglyceroporin LmAQP1. Mol Microbiol. 2008 Dec; 70(6):1477-86. PMID: [19019150](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19019150); PMCID: [PMC2702841](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2702841).

Citations:

  28. . Clonamiento y expresión heterologa en Saccharomyces cerevisiae de la acuaporina 2 de Trypanosoma cruzi (TcAQP2)”. Acta científica de la sociedad de Bioanalistas Especialistas. 2008; 11:12-21.

  29. Klionsky DJ, Abeliovich H, Agostinis P, Agrawal DK, Aliev G, Askew DS, Baba M, Baehrecke EH, Bahr BA, [Ballabio A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266220), Bamber BA, Bassham DC, Bergamini E, Bi X, Biard-Piechaczyk M, Blum JS, Bredesen DE, Brodsky JL, Brumell JH, Brunk UT, Bursch W, Camougrand N, Cebollero E, Cecconi F, Chen Y, Chin LS, Choi A, Chu CT, Chung J, Clarke PG, Clark RS, Clarke SG, Clav? C, Cleveland JL, Codogno P, Colombo MI, Coto-Montes A, Cregg JM, Cuervo AM, Debnath J, Demarchi F, Dennis PB, Dennis PA, Deretic V, Devenish RJ, Di Sano F, Dice JF, Difiglia M, Dinesh-Kumar S, Distelhorst CW, Djavaheri-Mergny M, Dorsey FC, Dr?ge W, Dron M, Dunn WA, Duszenko M, Eissa NT, Elazar Z, Esclatine A, Eskelinen EL, F?s?s L, Finley KD, Fuentes JM, Fueyo J, Fujisaki K, Galliot B, Gao FB, Gewirtz DA, Gibson SB, Gohla A, Goldberg AL, Gonzalez R, Gonz?lez-Est?vez C, Gorski S, Gottlieb RA, H?ussinger D, He YW, Heidenreich K, Hill JA, H?yer-Hansen M, Hu X, Huang WP, Iwasaki A, J??ttel? M, Jackson WT, Jiang X, Jin S, Johansen T, Jung JU, Kadowaki M, Kang C, Kelekar A, Kessel DH, Kiel JA, Kim HP, Kimchi A, Kinsella TJ, Kiselyov K, Kitamoto K, Knecht E, Komatsu M, Kominami E, Kondo S, Kov?cs AL, Kroemer G, Kuan CY, Kumar R, Kundu M, Landry J, Laporte M, Le W, Lei HY, Lenardo MJ, Levine B, Lieberman A, Lim KL, Lin FC, Liou W, Liu LF, Lopez-Berestein G, L?pez-Ot?n C, Lu B, Macleod KF, Malorni W, Martinet W, Matsuoka K, Mautner J, Meijer AJ, Mel?ndez A, Michels P, Miotto G, Mistiaen WP, Mizushima N, Mograbi B, Monastyrska I, Moore MN, Moreira PI, Moriyasu Y, Motyl T, M?nz C, Murphy LO, Naqvi NI, Neufeld TP, Nishino I, Nixon RA, Noda T, N?rnberg B, Ogawa M, Oleinick NL, Olsen LJ, [Ozpolat B](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582937), Paglin S, Palmer GE, Papassideri I, Parkes M, Perlmutter DH, Perry G, Piacentini M, Pinkas-Kramarski R, Prescott M, Proikas-Cezanne T, Raben N, Rami A, Reggiori F, Rohrer B, Rubinsztein DC, Ryan KM, Sadoshima J, Sakagami H, Sakai Y, Sandri M, Sasakawa C, Sass M, Schneider C, Seglen PO, Seleverstov O, Settleman J, Shacka JJ, Shapiro IM, Sibirny A, Silva-Zacarin EC, Simon HU, Simone C, Simonsen A, Smith MA, Spanel-Borowski K, Srinivas V, Steeves M, Stenmark H, Stromhaug PE, Subauste CS, Sugimoto S, Sulzer D, Suzuki T, Swanson MS, Tabas I, Takeshita F, Talbot NJ, Tall?czy Z, Tanaka K, Tanaka K, Tanida I, Taylor GS, Taylor JP, Terman A, Tettamanti G, Thompson CB, Thumm M, Tolkovsky AM, Tooze SA, Truant R, Tumanovska LV, Uchiyama Y, Ueno T, Uzc?tegui NL, van der Klei I, Vaquero EC, Vellai T, Vogel MW, Wang HG, Webster P, Wiley JW, Xi Z, Xiao G, Yahalom J, Yang JM, Yap G, Yin XM, Yoshimori T, Yu L, Yue Z, Yuzaki M, Zabirnyk O, Zheng X, Zhu X, Deter RL. Guidelines for the use and interpretation of assays for monitoring autophagy in higher eukaryotes. Autophagy. 2008 Feb; 4(2):151-75. PMID: [18188003](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18188003); PMCID: [PMC2654259](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2654259).

Citations:
[1171](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18188003/citedby/)
Fields:

Cel Cell Biology

Translation:HumansAnimalsCells

  30. Uzcátegui NL, Denninger V, Merkel P, Schoenfeld C, Figarella K, Duszenko M, Uzc?tegui NL. Dihydroxyacetone induced autophagy in African trypanosomes. Autophagy. 2007 Nov-Dec; 3(6):626-9. PMID: [17786028](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17786028).

Citations:

  31. Uzcátegui NL, Carmona-Gutiérrez D, Denninger V, Schoenfeld C, Lang F, Figarella K, Duszenko M, Uzc?tegui NL, Carmona-Guti?rrez D. Antiproliferative effect of dihydroxyacetone on Trypanosoma brucei bloodstream forms: cell cycle progression, subcellular alterations, and cell death. Antimicrob Agents Chemother. 2007 Nov; 51(11):3960-8. PMID: [17682096](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17682096); PMCID: [PMC2151456](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2151456).

Citations:

  32. Figarella K, Uzcategui NL, Zhou Y, LeFurgey A, Ouellette M, Bhattacharjee H, Mukhopadhyay R. Biochemical characterization of Leishmania major aquaglyceroporin LmAQP1: possible role in volume regulation and osmotaxis. Mol Microbiol. 2007 Aug; 65(4):1006-17. PMID: [17640270](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17640270).

Citations:

  33. Zeuthen T, Wu B, Pavlovic-Djuranovic S, Holm LM, Uzcategui NL, Duszenko M, Kun JF, Schultz JE, Beitz E, Kun JF. Ammonia permeability of the aquaglyceroporins from Plasmodium falciparum, Toxoplasma gondii and Trypansoma brucei. Mol Microbiol. 2006 Sep; 61(6):1598-608. PMID: [16889642](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16889642).

Citations:

  34. Figarella K, Uzcategui NL, Beck A, Schoenfeld C, Kubata BK, Lang F, Duszenko M. Prostaglandin-induced programmed cell death in Trypanosoma brucei involves oxidative stress. Cell Death Differ. 2006 Oct; 13(10):1802-14. PMID: [16456581](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16456581).

Citations:

  35. Meza NW, Rossi NE, Galeazzi TN, Sánchez NM, Colmenares FI, Medina OD, Uzcategui NL, Alfonzo N, Arango C, Urdaneta H, Meza NW, S?nchez NM, Uzcategui NL, Urdaneta H. Cysticercosis in chronic psychiatric inpatients from a Venezuelan community. Am J Trop Med Hyg. 2005 Sep; 73(3):504-9. PMID: [16172472](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16172472).

Citations:

  36. Structure and Function of Aquaglyceroporins from Trypanosoma brucei: possible target for chemotherapy. Protein Structure Function Relationship. 2005; 221-233.

  37. Programmed Cell Death in African Trypanosomes. Programmed Cell Death: From protozoan diseases to human cancers. 2005; 39-48.

  38. Figarella K, Rawer M, Uzcategui NL, Kubata BK, Lauber K, Madeo F, Wesselborg S, Duszenko M, Figarella K. Prostaglandin D2 induces programmed cell death in Trypanosoma brucei bloodstream form. Cell Death Differ. 2005 Apr; 12(4):335-46. PMID: [15678148](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15678148).

Citations:

  39. Uzcategui NL, Figarella K, Camacho N, Ponte-Sucre A, Uzcategui NL. Substrate preferences and glucose uptake in glibenclamide-resistant Leishmania parasites. Comp Biochem Physiol C Toxicol Pharmacol. 2005 Mar-Apr; 140(3-4):395-402. PMID: [15886061](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15886061).

Citations:

  40. Uzcategui NL, Szallies A, Pavlovic-Djuranovic S, Palmada M, Figarella K, Boehmer C, Lang F, Beitz E, Duszenko M, Uzcategui NL. Cloning, heterologous expression, and characterization of three aquaglyceroporins from Trypanosoma brucei. J Biol Chem. 2004 Oct 08; 279(41):42669-76. PMID: [15294911](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15294911).

Citations:

  41. Molecular pharmacology of chemo-resistant Leishmania. Archivos Venezolanos de Farmacología y Terapeutica. 2003; 22(1):35-39.

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 41 publications over 19 distinct years, with a maximum of
7 publications in
2016](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|7&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,14,14,71,29,57,29,0,14,14,0,14,29,29,100,14,43,43,14,14,0,29,14&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2003| 1  
2004| 1  
2005| 5  
2006| 2  
2007| 4  
2008| 2  
2010| 1  
2011| 1  
2013| 1  
2014| 2  
2015| 2  
2016| 7  
2017| 1  
2018| 3  
2019| 3  
2020| 1  
2021| 1  
2023| 2  
2024| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

UZCATEGUI ARAUJO's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (213)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Trypanosoma brucei brucei](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/246447)
  * [Aquaglyceroporins](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/259545)
  * [Trypanosomiasis, African](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/244247)
  * [Antimony](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/258117)
  * [Oocytes](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/255441)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/39966314/198)

_

Co-Authors (24)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [HOTEZ, PETER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266166)
  * [POLLET, JEROEN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/16102688)
  * [Thimmiraju, Syamala](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/35015443)
  * [GORELICK, DANIEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478773)
  * [BOTTAZZI, MARIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269365)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/39966314/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [HOTEZ, PETER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266166)
  * [MATZUK, MARTIN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266520)
  * [BALLABIO, ANDREA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266220)
  * [BOTTAZZI, MARIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269365)
  * [MILLS, GORDON B](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582930)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/39966314/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [DEBBOUN, MUSTAPHA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19884769)
  * [GUNTER, SARAH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17440186)
  * [MONATH, THOMAS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/1737875)
  * [SLATKO, BARTON](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/40269161)
  * [ZHAN, BIN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266656)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

