## TAMRA OGILVIE

| | Title| Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=Aqo982SJD4z8Spnk5VvAKbnCIhWf&rnd=58435669-33b1-4490-b51e-97b334a2f400)  
ORCID ![ORCID
Icon](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/orcid_16x16\(1\).gif)|
[0000-0002-5469-0559](http://sandbox.orcid.org/0000-0002-5469-0559)
[![Additional
info](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)](https://profiles.viictr.org/about/default.aspx?tab=orcid)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=40011319)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Borlase S, DeCarlo A, Liang L, Porter CJ, Ramaswamy V, Werbowetski-Ogilvie TE, Coudi?re-Morrison L. Cross-species analysis of SHH medulloblastoma models reveals significant inhibitory effects of trametinib on tumor progression. Cell Death Discov. 2023 Sep 19; 9(1):347. PMID: [37726268](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37726268); PMCID: [PMC10509237](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10509237).

Citations:

  2. Martell E, Kuzmychova H, Kaul E, Senthil H, Chowdhury SR, Fresnoza A, Zagozewski J, Venugopal C, Anderson CM, Singh SK, Banerji V, Werbowetski-Ogilvie TE, Sharif T, Morrison LC. Metabolism-based targeting of MYC via MPC-SOD2 axis-mediated oxidation promotes cellular differentiation in group 3 medulloblastoma. Nat Commun. 2023 05 02; 14(1):2502. PMID: [37130865](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37130865); PMCID: [PMC10154337](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10154337).

Citations:  Fields:

Bio BiologySci Science

Translation:Animals

  3. Hendrikse LD, Haldipur P, Saulnier O, Millman J, Sjoboen AH, Erickson AW, Ong W, Gordon V, Shokouhian M, Ly M, Borlase S, Scott DS, Vladoiu MC, Farooq H, Sirbu O, Nakashima T, Nambu S, Funakoshi Y, Bahcheli A, Diaz-Mejia JJ, Golser J, Bach K, Phuong-Bao T, Skowron P, Wang EY, Kumar SA, Balin P, Visvanathan A, Lee JJY, Ayoub R, Chen X, Chen X, Mungall KL, Luu B, Wang YC, Pfister SM, Kim SK, Delattre O, Bourdeaut F, Masliah-Planchon J, Grajkowska WA, Loukides J, Dirks P, French PJ, Kros JM, Zitterbart K, Bailey SD, Eberhart CG, Rao AAN, Giannini C, Olson JM, Hauser P, Phillips JJ, Ra YS, Li KKW, Ng HK, Poon WS, Pollack IF, Gillespie GY, Van Meter TE, Shofuda T, Vibhakar R, Thompson RC, Cooper MK, Rubin JB, Kumabe T, Jung S, Lach B, Iolascon A, Ferrucci V, de Antonellis P, Zollo M, Cinalli G, Robinson S, Stearns DS, Van Meir EG, Porrati P, Finocchiaro G, Massimino M, Faria CC, Roussel MF, Boop F, Chan JA, Aldinger KA, Silvestri E, McLendon RE, Thompson EM, Ansari M, Garre ML, Chico F, Morrissy AS, Cavalli FMG, Wu X, Daniels C, Rich JN, Jones SJM, Moore RA, Marra MA, Huang X, Sorensen PH, Wechsler-Reya RJ, Weiss WA, Pugh TJ, Garzia L, Kleinman CL, Stein LD, Jabado N, Malkin D, Golden JA, Ellison DW, Doble B, Ramaswamy V, Werbowetski-Ogilvie TE, Suzuki H, Millen KJ, Taylor MD, Coudi?re-Morrison L, Mercier AL, Su?rez RA, B?rub? P, Doz F, F?vre-Montange M, Jouvet A, Garami M, de Torres C, Mora J, L?pez-Aguilar E, Carlotti CG, Razavi F, Egu?a P, P?rezpe?a M, Reimand J, Ayrault O. Failure of human rhombic lip differentiation underlies medulloblastoma formation. Nature. 2022 09; 609(7929):1021-1028. PMID: [36131014](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36131014); PMCID: [PMC10026724](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10026724).

Citations:

  4. Zagozewski J, Borlase S, Guppy BJ, Shahriary GM, Gordon V, Liang L, Cheng S, Porter CJ, Kelley R, Hawkins C, Chan JA, Liang Y, Gong J, Saulnier O, Wechsler-Reya RJ, Ramaswamy V, Werbowetski-Ogilvie TE, Coudi?re-Morrison L, N?r C. Combined MEK and JAK/STAT3 pathway inhibition effectively decreases SHH medulloblastoma tumor progression. Commun Biol. 2022 07 14; 5(1):697. PMID: [35835937](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35835937); PMCID: [PMC9283517](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9283517).

Citations:

  5. Chukwueke UN, Vera E, Acquaye A, Hervey-Jumper SL, Odia Y, Klesse LJ, Dunbar E, Sharma A, Fonkem E, Thomas AA, Werbowetski-Ogilvie TE, Camelo-Piragua S, Gatson NTN, de la Fuente MI, Armstrong TS, Porter AB, Jackson S. SNO 2020 diversity survey: defining demographics, racial biases, career success metrics and a path forward for the field of neuro-oncology. Neuro Oncol. 2021 11 02; 23(11):1845-1858. PMID: [34302487](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34302487); PMCID: [PMC8563326](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8563326).

Citations:

  6. Werbowetski-Ogilvie TE. From sorting to sequencing in the molecular era: the evolution of the cancer stem cell model in medulloblastoma. FEBS J. 2022 04; 289(7):1765-1778. PMID: [33714236](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33714236).

Citations:

  7. Zagozewski J, Shahriary GM, Saulnier O, Stromecki M, Fresnoza A, Palidwor G, Porter CJ, Forget A, Ayrault O, Hawkins C, Chan JA, Vladoiu MC, Sundaresan L, Arsenio J, Taylor MD, Ramaswamy V, Werbowetski-Ogilvie TE, Morrison LC. An OTX2-PAX3 signaling axis regulates Group 3 medulloblastoma cell fate. Nat Commun. 2020 07 20; 11(1):3627. PMID: [32686664](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32686664); PMCID: [PMC7371715](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7371715).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32686664/citedby/) Fields:

Bio BiologySci Science

Translation:HumansAnimalsCells

  8. Liang L, Tatari N, Stromecki M, Fresnoza A, Porter CJ, Del Bigio MR, Hawkins C, Chan JA, Ryken TC, Taylor MD, Ramaswamy V, Werbowetski-Ogilvie TE, Coudi?re-Morrison L. CD271+ Cells Are Diagnostic and Prognostic and Exhibit Elevated MAPK Activity in SHH Medulloblastoma. Cancer Res. 2018 08 15; 78(16):4745-4759. PMID: [29930101](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29930101).

Citations:

  9. Stromecki M, Tatari N, Kaur R, Zagozewski J, Palidwor G, Ramaswamy V, Skowron P, Milde T, Del Bigio MR, Taylor MD, Werbowetski-Ogilvie TE, Morrison LC, W?lfl M. Characterization of a novel OTX2-driven stem cell program in Group 3 and Group 4 medulloblastoma. Mol Oncol. 2018 04; 12(4):495-513. PMID: [29377567](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29377567); PMCID: [PMC5891039](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5891039).

Citations:

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 9 publications over 5 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in 2018 and 2021 and 2022 and
2023](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,100,0,50,100,100,100,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2018| 2  
2020| 1  
2021| 2  
2022| 2  
2023| 2  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

OGILVIE's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (61)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Medulloblastoma](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/263775)
  * [Cerebellar Neoplasms](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/263570)
  * [Otx Transcription Factors](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/254695)
  * [PAX3 Transcription Factor](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27545024)
  * [Neoplastic Stem Cells](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/244630)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/40011319/198)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [PAULINO, ARNOLD DELA CRUZ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583636)
  * [CHINTAGUMPALA, MURALI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268049)
  * [GOPALAKRISHNAN, VIDYA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583793)
  * [KHATUA, SOUMEN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583584)
  * [OKCU, MEHMET](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267445)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/40011319/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [BAXTER, PATRICIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265524)
  * [FOSTER, JENNIFER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/1826370)
  * [FOSTER, KAYLA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/35555207)
  * [SCHERER, LAUREN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/22016570)
  * [YI, JOANNA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15317815)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

