## JANANI SUNDARESAN

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=HKo%2b4GvObrjgSIvs8n7RK7qsJRKH2SAGBQ%3d%3d&rnd=7a61fb1b-e7df-4456-a95e-04b9a39a7cc7)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=40909215)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. van de Meeberg MM, **Sundaresan J** , Lin M, Jansen G, Struys EA, Fidder HH, Oldenburg B, Mares WGN, Mahmmod N, van Asseldonk DP, Rietdijk ST, Nissen LHC, de Boer NKH, Bouma G, Calasan MB, de Jonge R, On behalf on the Dutch Initiative on Crohn and Colitis (ICC). Methotrexate accumulation in target intestinal mucosa and white blood cells differs from non-target red blood cells of patients with Crohn's disease. Basic Clin Pharmacol Toxicol. 2024 Jul 08. PMID: [38973551](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38973551).

Citations:  Fields:

Pha PharmacologyTox Toxicology

  2. Janssen Bon?s M, **Sundaresan J** , Keijsers RGM, Struys EA, Peters BJM, Kahlmann V, Wijsenbeek MS, de Rotte MCFJ, Grutters JC, Veltkamp M. Methotrexate Polyglutamate Concentrations as a Possible Predictive Marker for Effectiveness of Methotrexate Therapy in Patients with Sarcoidosis: A Pilot Study. Lung. 2023 12; 201(6):617-624. PMID: [37973683](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37973683).

Citations:  Fields:

Pul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  3. van de Meeberg MM, Fidder HH, Oldenburg B, **Sundaresan J** , Struys EA, Montazeri NSM, Mares WGN, Mahmmod N, van Asseldonk DP, Lutgens MWMD, Kuyvenhoven JP, Rietdijk ST, Nissen LHC, Koehestanie P, de Boer NKH, de Jonge R, Bouma G, Bulatovic Calasan M, Dutch Initiative on Crohn and Colitis (ICC). Therapeutic drug monitoring of methotrexate in patients with Crohn's disease. Aliment Pharmacol Ther. 2023 12; 58(11-12):1151-1162. PMID: [37767910](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/37767910).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/37767910/citedby/) Fields:

Dru Drug TherapyGas GastroenterologyPha Pharmacology

Translation:Humans

  4. **Sundaresan J** , Ferrell ST, Hron JD. A Model for Work Intensity in a Pediatric Training Program. J Grad Med Educ. 2022 Dec; 14(6):714-718. PMID: [36591429](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36591429); PMCID: [PMC9765907](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9765907).

Citations:  Fields:

Edu Education

Translation:Humans

  5. **Sundaresan J** , Hambrick HR, Stewart AM. The kids are not alright. J Hosp Med. 2022 01; 17(1):62-65. PMID: [34910623](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34910623).

Citations:

  6. Papini F, **Sundaresan J** , Leonetti A, Tiseo M, Rolfo C, Peters GJ, Giovannetti E. Hype or hope - Can combination therapies with third-generation EGFR-TKIs help overcome acquired resistance and improve outcomes in EGFR-mutant advanced/metastatic NSCLC? Crit Rev Oncol Hematol. 2021 Oct; 166:103454. PMID: [34455092](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34455092).

Citations:

  7. Toker L, Tran GT, **Sundaresan J** , Tysnes OB, Alves G, Haugarvoll K, Nido GS, D?lle C, Tzoulis C. Genome-wide histone acetylation analysis reveals altered transcriptional regulation in the Parkinson's disease brain. Mol Neurodegener. 2021 05 05; 16(1):31. PMID: [33947435](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33947435); PMCID: [PMC8097820](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8097820).

Citations:

  8. Dextras C, Dashnyam M, Griner LAM, **Sundaresan J** , Chim B, Yu Z, Vodnala S, Lee CR, Hu X, Southall N, Marugan JJ, Jadhav A, Restifo NP, Acquavella N, Ferrer M, Singh A. Identification of Small Molecule Enhancers of Immunotherapy for Melanoma. Sci Rep. 2020 03 30; 10(1):5688. PMID: [32231230](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32231230); PMCID: [PMC7105471](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7105471).

Citations:

  9. Han L, Madan V, Mayakonda A, Dakle P, Woon TW, Shyamsunder P, Nordin HBM, Cao Z, **Sundaresan J** , Lei I, Wang Z, Koeffler HP. Chromatin remodeling mediated by ARID1A is indispensable for normal hematopoiesis in mice. Leukemia. 2019 09; 33(9):2291-2305. PMID: [30858552](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30858552); PMCID: [PMC6756219](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6756219).

Citations:

  10. Desjardins M, Arjunaraja S, Stinson JR, Dorjbal B, **Sundaresan J** , Niemela J, Raffeld M, Matthews HF, Wang A, Angelus P, Su HC, Mazer BD, Snow AL. A Unique Heterozygous CARD11 Mutation Combines Pathogenic Features of Both Gain- and Loss-of-Function Patients in a Four-Generation Family. Front Immunol. 2018; 9:2944. PMID: [30619304](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30619304); PMCID: [PMC6299974](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6299974).

Citations:

  11. Madan V, Han L, Hattori N, Teoh WW, Mayakonda A, Sun QY, Ding LW, Nordin HBM, Lim SL, Shyamsunder P, Dakle P, **Sundaresan J** , Doan NB, Sanada M, Sato-Otsubo A, Meggendorfer M, Yang H, Said JW, Ogawa S, Haferlach T, Liang DC, Shih LY, Nakamaki T, Wang QT, Koeffler HP. ASXL2 regulates hematopoiesis in mice and its deficiency promotes myeloid expansion. Haematologica. 2018 12; 103(12):1980-1990. PMID: [30093396](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30093396); PMCID: [PMC6269306](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6269306).

Citations:

  12. Villase?or R, Schilling M, **Sundaresan J** , Lutz Y, Collin L. Sorting Tubules Regulate Blood-Brain Barrier Transcytosis. Cell Rep. 2017 Dec 12; 21(11):3256-3270. PMID: [29241551](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29241551).

Citations:

  13. Madan V, Kanojia D, Li J, Okamoto R, Sato-Otsubo A, Kohlmann A, Sanada M, Grossmann V, **Sundaresan J** , Shiraishi Y, Miyano S, Thol F, Ganser A, Yang H, Haferlach T, Ogawa S, Koeffler HP. Aberrant splicing of U12-type introns is the hallmark of ZRSR2 mutant myelodysplastic syndrome. Nat Commun. 2015 Jan 14; 6:6042. PMID: [25586593](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25586593); PMCID: [PMC4349895](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4349895).

Citations:

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 13 publications over 9 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in 2018 and 2021 and 2022 and
2023](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,0,50,100,50,50,100,100,100,50&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2015| 1  
2017| 1  
2018| 2  
2019| 1  
2020| 1  
2021| 2  
2022| 2  
2023| 2  
2024| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

SUNDARESAN's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (124)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Medicine](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/261955)
  * [Internship and Residency](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/244163)
  * [Hematopoiesis](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/257472)
  * [Methotrexate](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/262954)
  * [Work Schedule Tolerance](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/263160)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/40909215/198)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [JANKOVIC, JOSEPH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267402)
  * [KANTARJIAN, HAGOP M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582901)
  * [ANTONOFF, MARA B](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17440086)
  * [GARCIA-MANERO, GUILLERMO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583738)
  * [BOWE, SARAH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37258668)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/40909215/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [ASAITHAMBI, RATHI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23479118)
  * [HALL, JENNIFER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27841641)
  * [PARLAR-CHUN, RAYMOND](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/43513054)
  * [SHELBURNE, JULIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/24845349)
  * [UREMOVICH, VICKI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/15317881)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

