## SARAH LUMSDEN

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Anesthesiology  
Address|  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=Jacl7HbDJYWnZo3u7TXHLqE%3d&rnd=55b9f4d1-3ffa-41c3-9bd8-eb70ff107c40)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=43582147)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. **Lumsden S** , Lai E, [Cata JP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583020). The ideal regional block after video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery: do we have it? J Thorac Dis. 2024 Apr 30; 16(4):2674-2676. PMID: [38738221](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38738221); PMCID: [PMC11087612](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC11087612).

Citations:

  2. **Lumsden S** , Kharasch ED, Speer B, Kwater A, Gan TJ, [Cata JP](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583020). Intraoperative Methadone Administration Is Not Associated With an Increase in Perioperative Use of Naloxone: A Retrospective Study. Anesth Analg. 2024 May 01; 138(5):1145-1147. PMID: [38195080](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/38195080).

Citations:  Fields:

Ane Anesthesiology

  3. **Lumsden S** , Rosta G, Bismuth J, Lumsden AB, Garami Z. Spontaneous Recanalization After Carotid Artery Dissection: The Case for an Ultrasound-Only Monitoring Strategy. Methodist Debakey Cardiovasc J. 2017 Oct-Dec; 13(4):243-247. PMID: [29744017](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29744017); PMCID: [PMC5935284](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5935284).

Citations:

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 3 publications over 2 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in
2024](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,0,0,0,0,0,0,100&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2017| 1  
2024| 2  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

LUMSDEN's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (26)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Buprenorphine](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/247498)
  * [Opioid-Related Disorders](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/247732)
  * [Whiplash Injuries](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/255149)
  * [Water Sports](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27545324)
  * [Carotid Artery, Internal, Dissection](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/246679)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/43582147/198)

_

Co-Authors (1)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [CATA, JUAN P](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583020)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/43582147/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [KOSTEN, THOMAS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265715)
  * [BRUERA, EDUARDO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582968)
  * [NIELSEN, DAVID](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265975)
  * [HUI, DAVID](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583538)
  * [ARTHUR, JOSEPH A.](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583162)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/43582147/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [ANTON, JAMES](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268487)
  * [CAMPOS-LOPEZ, CARLOS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266290)
  * [FARAONI, DAVID](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/35020853)
  * [NIKOLAIDIS, MELISSA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3010203)
  * [SHAH, KRISHNA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/28999041)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

