## SANJAY DESHPANDE

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=Bao%2b62Tebq%2fwVYf94XXGL5SOJBzEkiEX&rnd=2cf69586-773d-47e4-a983-94176d65f39f)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=47123250)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Burke GAA, Vinti L, Kabickova E, Beishuizen A, Tacyildiz N, Uyttebroeck A, Kang HJ, Luisi F, Minard-Colin V, Burkhardt B, Tamegnon M, Sun S, Curtis M, **Deshpande S** , Nottage K, Howes A, Srinivasan S, Bhojwani D, Norris R, Cairo M. Ibrutinib plus RICE or RVICI for relapsed/refractory mature B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma in children and young adults: SPARKLE trial. Blood Adv. 2023 02 28; 7(4):602-610. PMID: [36541957](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/36541957); PMCID: [PMC9984435](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9984435).

Citations:

  2. Freeman CL, Pararajalingam P, Jin L, Balasubramanian S, Jiang A, Xu W, Grau M, Zapukhlyak M, Boyle M, Hodkinson B, Schaffer M, Enny C, **Deshpande S** , Sun S, Vermeulen J, Morin RD, Scott DW, Lenz G. Molecular determinants of outcomes in relapsed or refractory mantle cell lymphoma treated with ibrutinib or temsirolimus in the MCL3001 (RAY) trial. Leukemia. 2022 10; 36(10):2479-2487. PMID: [35963941](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35963941).

Citations:

  3. Wang ML, Jurczak W, Jerkeman M, Trotman J, Zinzani PL, Belada D, Boccomini C, Flinn IW, Giri P, Goy A, Hamlin PA, Hermine O, Hern?ndez-Rivas J?, Hong X, Kim SJ, Lewis D, Mishima Y, ?zcan M, Perini GF, Pocock C, Song Y, Spurgeon SE, Storring JM, Walewski J, Zhu J, Qin R, Henninger T, **Deshpande S** , Howes A, Le Gouill S, Dreyling M, SHINE Investigators. Ibrutinib plus Bendamustine and Rituximab in Untreated Mantle-Cell Lymphoma. N Engl J Med. 2022 06 30; 386(26):2482-2494. PMID: [35657079](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35657079).

Citations:

  4. Dreyling M, Goy A, Hess G, Kahl BS, Hern?ndez-Rivas J?, Schuier N, Qi K, **Deshpande S** , Zhu A, Parisi L, Wang ML. Long-term Outcomes With Ibrutinib Treatment for Patients With Relapsed/Refractory Mantle Cell Lymphoma: A Pooled Analysis of 3 Clinical Trials With Nearly 10 Years of Follow-up. Hemasphere. 2022 May; 6(5):e712. PMID: [35441128](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35441128); PMCID: [PMC9010121](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9010121).

Citations:

  5. Siddiqi T, Coutre S, McKinney M, Barr PM, Rogers K, Mokatrin A, Valentino R, Szoke A, **Deshpande S** , Zhu A, Arango-Hisijara I, Osei-Bonsu K, Wang M, O'Brien S. Characterization of low-grade arthralgia, myalgia, and musculoskeletal pain with ibrutinib therapy: pooled analysis of clinical trials in patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia and mantle cell lymphoma. Leuk Lymphoma. 2022 07; 63(7):1580-1588. PMID: [35227147](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35227147).

Citations:

  6. Balasubramanian S, Hodkinson B, Schuster SJ, [Fowler NH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583880), Trotman J, Hess G, Cheson BD, Schaffer M, Sun S, **Deshpande S** , Vermeulen J, Gopal AK, Salles G. Identification of a genetic signature enriching for response to ibrutinib in relapsed/refractory follicular lymphoma in the DAWN phase 2 trial. Cancer Med. 2022 01; 11(1):61-73. PMID: [34791836](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34791836); PMCID: [PMC8704158](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8704158).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/34791836/citedby/) Fields:

Neo Neoplasms

Translation:HumansCTClinical Trials

  7. Sivasankaran M, Munirathnam D, Balasubramanian S, Agrawal S, **Deshpande S** , Bharadwaj R, Dhanalakshmi K, Kumar V. Diagnostic Spectrum and Clinical Profile of Primary Immunodeficiency Disorders at a Tertiary Care Children Hospital in Southern India. Indian Pediatr. 2021 03 15; 58(3):246-249. PMID: [33713060](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/33713060).

Citations:

  8. Rule S, Dreyling M, Goy A, Hess G, Auer R, Kahl B, Hern?ndez-Rivas J?, Qi K, **Deshpande S** , Parisi L, Wang M. Ibrutinib for the treatment of relapsed/refractory mantle cell lymphoma: extended 3.5-year follow up from a pooled analysis. Haematologica. 2019 05; 104(5):e211-e214. PMID: [30442728](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30442728); PMCID: [PMC6518912](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6518912).

Citations:

  9. Gopal AK, Schuster SJ, [Fowler NH](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583880), Trotman J, Hess G, Hou JZ, Yacoub A, Lill M, Martin P, Vitolo U, Spencer A, Radford J, Jurczak W, Morton J, Caballero D, **Deshpande S** , Gartenberg GJ, Wang SS, Damle RN, Schaffer M, Balasubramanian S, Vermeulen J, Cheson BD, Salles G. Ibrutinib as Treatment for Patients With Relapsed/Refractory Follicular Lymphoma: Results From the Open-Label, Multicenter, Phase II DAWN Study. J Clin Oncol. 2018 08 10; 36(23):2405-2412. PMID: [29851546](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29851546).

Citations:
[25](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29851546/citedby/) Fields:

Neo Neoplasms

Translation:HumansCellsCTClinical Trials

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 9 publications over 4 distinct years, with a maximum of 4
publications in
2022](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|4&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,0,0,50,100,25,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2018| 2  
2021| 2  
2022| 4  
2023| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

DESHPANDE's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (58)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Lymphoma, Mantle-Cell](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/247091)
  * [Adenine](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/249635)
  * [Piperidines](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/259963)
  * [Pyrazoles](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/251507)
  * [Lymphoma, Follicular](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/250732)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/47123250/198)

_

Co-Authors (1)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [FOWLER, NATHAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583880)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/47123250/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [KANTARJIAN, HAGOP M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582901)
  * [BURGER, JAN ANDREAS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583076)
  * [VERSTOVSEK, SRDAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583330)
  * [CORTES, JORGE E](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582539)
  * [WIERDA, WILLIAM G](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582613)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/47123250/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [HULTEN, KRISTINA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267551)
  * [KING, KATHERINE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269149)
  * [MARQUEZ, LUCILA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268646)
  * [RODRIGUEZ, BRITTANY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/30445186)
  * [STIMES, GRANT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/30445278)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

