## SARAH PERRY

| | Title| Associate Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Pediatrics  
Address| 1102 BATES  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=NKo%2b72DVQIn2S8Ho5G4%3d&rnd=110a1955-e6bc-4709-a573-d8ae35cb6a71)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=6030327)  
  
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/Modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/PhotoHandler.ashx?NodeID=6030327&cachekey=ee6578cc-9506-4e48-951e-0aaf7e1cdd59)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. . Chronic kidney disease among children living with the human immunodeficiency virus in sub-Saharan Africa. Journal of Clinical Virology Plus. 2022; 2(4). [View Publication](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jcvp.2022.100123).

  2. Basile FW, [Petrus J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17873530), Gates C, **Perry SH** , [Benjamin J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/19407518), [McKenzie K](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27841654), Hirani K, Huynh C, Anabwani-Richter F, [Haq H](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478926), [Nguyen D](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8451880). Increasing access to a global health conference and enhancing research capacity: Using an interdisciplinary approach and virtual spaces in an international community of practice. J Glob Health. 2022 07 06; 12:03038. PMID: [35787518](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/35787518); PMCID: [PMC9255336](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9255336).

Citations:  Fields:

Hea Health ServicesPub Public Health

Translation:Humans

  3. Thivalapill N, Jasumback CL, **Perry SH** , Dlamini L, Matsenjwa M, Masangane ZT, Mavimbela M, Mthethwa N, Kirchner HL, Mphaya J, Lukhele B, [Mandalakas A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269968), [Kay AW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17062674). Predicting Sexually Transmitted Infections Among HIV+ Adolescents and Young Adults: A Novel Risk Score to Augment Syndromic Management in Eswatini. J Acquir Immune Defic Syndr. 2020 12 15; 85(5):543-552. PMID: [32947446](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32947446).

Citations:  Fields:

Acq Acquired Immunodeficiency Synd

Translation:HumansPHPublic Health

  4. Jasumback CL, **Perry SH** , [Ness TE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/51399052), Matsenjwa M, Masangane ZT, Mavimbela M, Mthethwa N, Dlamini L, Mphaya J, Kirchner HL, [Mandalakas A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269968), [Kay AW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17062674). Point-of-Care Testing to Guide Treatment and Estimate Risk Factors for Sexually Transmitted Infections in Adolescents and Young People With Human Immunodeficiency Virus in Eswatini. Open Forum Infect Dis. 2020 Mar; 7(3):ofaa052. PMID: [32190707](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32190707); PMCID: [PMC7071112](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7071112).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32190707/citedby/)

  5. Wanless RS, Mizwa M, Schutze G, Kekitiinwa A, Ssuuna C, Steffy T, McKenney A, Daire C, **PERRY S** H, Pettitt ED, Paul M, Barton T. . A comparison of adherence to antiretroviral therapy amongst adolescent patients of the Baylor International Pediatric AIDS Initiative Childrenâ€™s Centers of Excellence before and after attendance at recreational therapy camp. Vulnerable Children and Youth Studies. 2019; 4(14):364-374. [View Publication](https://doi.org/10.1080/17450128.2019.1626522).

  6. . Vernal keratoconjunctivitis in the paediatric HIV population of eSwatini (formerly Swaziland). SA Ophthalmology Journal. 2019; 14(2):21-25.

  7. Jolly P, Padilla LA, Ahmed C, Harris C, Mthethwa N, Jha M, Ba I, Styles A, Hope SP, Brooks R, Naluyinda-Kitabire F, Mamba M, Preko P. Barriers to antiretroviral therapy initiation for HIV-positive children aged 2-18 months in Swaziland. Afr J AIDS Res. 2018 Jul; 17(2):193-202. PMID: [30003844](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30003844); PMCID: [PMC6186401](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6186401).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/30003844/citedby/) Fields:

Acq Acquired Immunodeficiency Synd

Translation:HumansCells

  8. Ahmed CV, Jolly P, Padilla L, Malinga M, Harris C, Mthethwa N, Ba I, Styles A, **Perry S** , Brooks R, Naluyinda-Kitabire F, Mamba M, Preko P. A qualitative analysis of the barriers to antiretroviral therapy initiation among children 2 to 18 months of age in Swaziland. Afr J AIDS Res. 2017 Dec; 16(4):321-328. PMID: [29132287](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29132287); PMCID: [PMC6186391](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6186391).

Citations:
[7](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29132287/citedby/) Fields:

Acq Acquired Immunodeficiency Synd

Translation:Humans

  9. Dufort E, Nyandiko W, **PERRY S** H, Sugandhi N. HIV and AIDS. In: Spector JM and Gibson TE, eds. Atlas of Pediatrics in the Tropics and Resource-Limited Settings. 2016; 139-152.

  10. **Perry SH** , Swamy P, [Preidis GA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6714426), Mwanyumba A, Motsa N, Sarero HN. Implementing the Jadelle implant for women living with HIV in a resource-limited setting: concerns for drug interactions leading to unintended pregnancies. AIDS. 2014 Mar 13; 28(5):791-3. PMID: [24401645](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24401645).

Citations:
[29](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24401645/citedby/) Fields:

Acq Acquired Immunodeficiency Synd

Translation:Humans

  11. . Bleomycin-induced DNA damage and repair in Xenopus laevis and Xenopus tropicalis. Journal of Experimental Zoology. 2007; 2(307(A)):84-90.

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 11 publications over 8 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in 2019 and 2020 and
2022](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,0,0,0,0,0,0,50,0,50,50,50,100,100,0,100,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2007| 1  
2014| 1  
2016| 1  
2017| 1  
2018| 1  
2019| 2  
2020| 2  
2022| 2  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

PERRY's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (41)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Anti-Retroviral Agents](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/256990)
  * [HIV Infections](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/262151)
  * [Health Services Accessibility](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/244012)
  * [Pregnancy, Unplanned](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/248114)
  * [Contraceptive Agents, Female](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/261792)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6030327/198)

_

Co-Authors (9)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [KAY, ALEXANDER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17062674)
  * [NGUYEN, DIANE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8451880)
  * [PREIDIS, GEOFFREY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6714426)
  * [MANDALAKAS, ANNA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269968)
  * [PETRUS, JAIME](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/17873530)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6030327/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [GIORDANO, THOMAS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269417)
  * [RODRIGUEZ-BARRADAS, MARIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269379)
  * [AHMED, SAEED](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265732)
  * [KIM, MARIA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265735)
  * [BRUERA, EDUARDO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582968)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/6030327/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [BEYENE, TEFERI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478761)
  * [HARTFORD, EMILY](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/50993469)
  * [KIRAGGA, DITHAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/39328123)
  * [TODD, JACOB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/35825270)
  * [TORREY, SUSAN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23479180)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

