## JUAN PLANA GOMEZ

| | Title| Associate Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Medicine  
Address| 6620 MAIN  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=HL4x7yv3LIr7R6ji7X7YCraPKl%2bPkzA%3d&rnd=c4d832f1-8e69-487f-a1b7-6a5f0e983a95)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=8065532)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. Kherallah RY, [Koneru S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/20310330), [Krajcer Z](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266698), [Preventza O](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266328), Dougherty KG, McCormack ML, Costello BT, [Coulter S](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268929), [Strickman NE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267958), **Plana Gomez JC** , [Mortazavi A](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266905), [Livesay JJ](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267355), [Coselli JS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/267370), [Silva GV](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269059), D?ez JG. Hemodynamic outcomes after valve-in-valve transcatheter aortic valve replacement: a single-center experience. Ann Cardiothorac Surg. 2021 Sep; 10(5):630-640. PMID: [34733690](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/34733690); PMCID: [PMC8505917](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8505917).

Citations:

  2. Gottfridsson C, Asteggiano R, Atar D, Badimon L, Bax JJ, Cardinale D, Cardone A, Feijen EAM, Gale CP, Maduro JH, Moslehi J, **Plana Gomez JC** , Scott J, Suter TM, Minotti G, Zamorano JL, Ferdinandy P, L?pez-Fern?ndez T, Omland T. The cancer patient and cardiology. Eur J Heart Fail. 2020 12; 22(12):2290-2309. PMID: [32809231](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32809231); PMCID: [PMC8278961](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8278961).

Citations:
[14](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/32809231/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  3. Plana JC, Thavendiranathan P, Bucciarelli-Ducci C, Lancellotti P. Multi-Modality Imaging in the Assessment of Cardiovascular Toxicity in?the Cancer Patient. JACC Cardiovasc Imaging. 2018 08; 11(8):1173-1186. PMID: [30092972](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30092972).

Citations:

  4. Thavendiranathan P, Lim KD, Plana JC, Woo A, Marwick TH, Poulin F. Use of myocardial strain imaging by echocardiography for the early detection of cardiotoxicity in patients during and after cancer chemotherapy: a systematic review. J Am Coll Cardiol. 2014 Jul 01; 63(25 Pt A):2751-68. PMID: [24703918](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24703918).

Citations:
[331](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24703918/citedby/)
Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  5. Oliveira GH, Mukerji S, Hernandez AV, Qattan MY, [Banchs J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583309), Durand JB, [Iliescu C](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583905), Plana JC, Tang WH. Incidence, predictors, and impact on survival of left ventricular systolic dysfunction and recovery in advanced cancer patients. Am J Cardiol. 2014 Jun 01; 113(11):1893-8. PMID: [24837270](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24837270).

Citations:
[14](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24837270/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  6. Ky B, Putt M, Sawaya H, French B, Januzzi JL, Sebag IA, Plana JC, Cohen V, [Banchs J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583309), Carver JR, Wiegers SE, Martin RP, Picard MH, Gerszten RE, Halpern EF, Passeri J, Kuter I, Scherrer-Crosbie M. Early increases in multiple biomarkers predict subsequent cardiotoxicity in patients with breast cancer treated with doxorubicin, taxanes, and trastuzumab. J Am Coll Cardiol. 2014 Mar 04; 63(8):809-16. PMID: [24291281](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24291281); PMCID: [PMC4286181](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4286181).

Citations:
[174](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24291281/citedby/)
Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  7. Negishi K, Negishi T, Haluska BA, Hare JL, Plana JC, Marwick TH. Use of speckle strain to assess left ventricular responses to cardiotoxic chemotherapy and cardioprotection. Eur Heart J Cardiovasc Imaging. 2014 Mar; 15(3):324-31. PMID: [24057661](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24057661).

Citations:
[63](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/24057661/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyDia Diagnostic Imaging

Translation:Humans

  8. Nkomo VT, Badano LP, Bergler-Klein J, Bergler J, Bogaert J, Davin L, Cosyns B, Coucke P, Dulgheru R, Edvardsen T, Gaemperli O, Galderisi M, Griffin B, Heidenreich PA, Nieman K, Plana JC, Port SC, Scherrer-Crosbie M, Schwartz RG, Sebag IA, Voigt JU, Wann S, Yang PC, European Society of Cardiology Working Groups on Nuclear Cardiology and Cardiac Computed Tomography , American Society of Nuclear Cardiology, Society for Cardiovascular Magnetic Resonance, and Society o, Lancellotti P. Expert consensus for multi-modality imaging evaluation of cardiovascular complications of radiotherapy in adults: a report from the European Association of Cardiovascular Imaging and the American Society of Echocardiography. J Am Soc Echocardiogr. 2013 Sep; 26(9):1013-32. PMID: [23998694](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23998694).

Citations:
[78](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23998694/citedby/) Fields:

Dia Diagnostic Imaging

Translation:HumansPHPublic Health

  9. Plana JC. The red devil revisited. JACC Cardiovasc Imaging. 2013 Aug; 6(8):886-8. PMID: [23948379](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23948379).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23948379/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyDia Diagnostic ImagingVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  10. Nkomo VT, Badano LP, Bergler-Klein J, Bogaert J, Davin L, Cosyns B, Coucke P, Dulgheru R, Edvardsen T, Gaemperli O, Galderisi M, Griffin B, Heidenreich PA, Nieman K, Plana JC, Port SC, Scherrer-Crosbie M, Schwartz RG, Sebag IA, Voigt JU, Wann S, Yang PC, European Society of Cardiology Working Groups on Nuclear Cardiology and Cardiac Computed Tomography , American Society of Nuclear Cardiology, Society for Cardiovascular Magnetic Resonance, Society of Cardiovascular Computed Tomography, Lancellotti P. Expert consensus for multi-modality imaging evaluation of cardiovascular complications of radiotherapy in adults: a report from the European Association of Cardiovascular Imaging and the American Society of Echocardiography. Eur Heart J Cardiovasc Imaging. 2013 Aug; 14(8):721-40. PMID: [23847385](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23847385).

Citations:
[80](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23847385/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyDia Diagnostic Imaging

Translation:HumansPHPublic Health

  11. Gada H, Desai MY, Svensson L, Thomas JD, Plana JC, Cavalcante JL. The snake raiser heart: an unusual cause of chest pain. Circulation. 2013 Apr 09; 127(14):1536-7. PMID: [23569121](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23569121).

Citations:  Fields:

Car CardiologyVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansAnimals

  12. Negishi K, Negishi T, Hare JL, Haluska BA, Plana JC, Marwick TH. Independent and incremental value of deformation indices for prediction of trastuzumab-induced cardiotoxicity. J Am Soc Echocardiogr. 2013 May; 26(5):493-8. PMID: [23562088](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23562088).

Citations:
[138](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23562088/citedby/)
Fields:

Dia Diagnostic Imaging

Translation:Humans

  13. Seicean S, Seicean A, Alan N, Plana JC, Budd GT, Marwick TH. Cardioprotective effect of ?-adrenoceptor blockade in patients with breast cancer undergoing chemotherapy: follow-up study of heart failure. Circ Heart Fail. 2013 May; 6(3):420-6. PMID: [23425978](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23425978).

Citations:
[57](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23425978/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  14. Thavendiranathan P, Grant AD, Negishi T, Plana JC, Popovic ZB, Marwick TH. Reproducibility of echocardiographic techniques for sequential assessment of left ventricular ejection fraction and volumes: application to patients undergoing cancer chemotherapy. J Am Coll Cardiol. 2013 Jan 08; 61(1):77-84. PMID: [23199515](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23199515).

Citations:
[184](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23199515/citedby/)
Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  15. Seicean S, Seicean A, Plana JC, Budd GT, Marwick TH. Effect of statin therapy on the risk for incident heart failure in patients with breast cancer receiving anthracycline chemotherapy: an observational clinical cohort study. J Am Coll Cardiol. 2012 Dec 11; 60(23):2384-90. PMID: [23141499](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23141499).

Citations:
[102](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23141499/citedby/)
Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  16. Collier P, Plana JC, Agler D, Thomas JD, Marwick TH, Cavalcante JL. Two-dimensional longitudinal strain assessment in the presence of myocardial contrast agents is only feasible with speckle-tracking after microbubble?destruction. J Am Soc Echocardiogr. 2012 Dec; 25(12):1309-18. PMID: [23102836](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23102836).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23102836/citedby/) Fields:

Dia Diagnostic Imaging

Translation:Humans

  17. Phelan D, Collier P, Thavendiranathan P, Popovic ZB, Hanna M, Plana JC, Marwick TH, Thomas JD. Relative apical sparing of longitudinal strain using two-dimensional speckle-tracking echocardiography is both sensitive and specific for the diagnosis of cardiac amyloidosis. Heart. 2012 Oct; 98(19):1442-8. PMID: [22865865](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22865865).

Citations:
[225](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22865865/citedby/)
Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  18. Armstrong GT, Plana JC, Zhang N, Srivastava D, Green DM, Ness KK, Daniel Donovan F, Metzger ML, Arevalo A, [Durand JB](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582985), Joshi V, Hudson MM, Robison LL, Flamm SD. Screening adult survivors of childhood cancer for cardiomyopathy: comparison of echocardiography and cardiac magnetic resonance imaging. J Clin Oncol. 2012 Aug 10; 30(23):2876-84. PMID: [22802310](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22802310); PMCID: [PMC3671529](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3671529).

Citations:
[113](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22802310/citedby/)
Fields:

Neo Neoplasms

Translation:HumansPHPublic Health

  19. Sawaya H, Sebag IA, Plana JC, Januzzi JL, Ky B, Tan TC, Cohen V, [Banchs J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583309), Carver JR, Wiegers SE, Martin RP, Picard MH, Gerszten RE, Halpern EF, Passeri J, Kuter I, Scherrer-Crosbie M. Assessment of echocardiography and biomarkers for the extended prediction of cardiotoxicity in patients treated with anthracyclines, taxanes, and trastuzumab. Circ Cardiovasc Imaging. 2012 Sep 01; 5(5):596-603. PMID: [22744937](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22744937); PMCID: [PMC3703313](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3703313).

Citations:
[244](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22744937/citedby/)
Fields:

Car CardiologyDia Diagnostic ImagingVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  20. Tonelli AR, Plana JC, Heresi GA, Dweik RA. Prevalence and prognostic value of left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in idiopathic and heritable pulmonary arterial hypertension. Chest. 2012 Jun; 141(6):1457-1465. PMID: [22207680](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22207680); PMCID: [PMC3367485](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3367485).

Citations:
[27](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22207680/citedby/) Fields:

Pul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  21. Negishi K, Negishi T, Agler DA, Plana JC, Marwick TH. Role of temporal resolution in selection of the appropriate strain technique for evaluation of subclinical myocardial dysfunction. Echocardiography. 2012 Mar; 29(3):334-9. PMID: [22150476](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22150476).

Citations:
[13](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22150476/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyDia Diagnostic Imaging

Translation:Humans

  22. Daher IN, Kim C, Saleh RR, Plana JC, [Yusuf SW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583768), [Banchs J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583309). Prevalence of abnormal echocardiographic findings in cancer patients: a retrospective evaluation of echocardiography for identifying cardiac abnormalities in cancer patients. Echocardiography. 2011 Nov; 28(10):1061-7. PMID: [21854439](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21854439).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21854439/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyDia Diagnostic Imaging

Translation:Humans

  23. Sawaya H, Plana JC, Scherrer-Crosbie M. Newest echocardiographic techniques for the detection of cardiotoxicity and heart failure during chemotherapy. Heart Fail Clin. 2011 Jul; 7(3):313-21. PMID: [21749883](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21749883).

Citations:
[9](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21749883/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  24. Plana JC. [Chemotherapy and the heart]. Rev Esp Cardiol. 2011 May; 64(5):409-15. PMID: [21492985](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21492985).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21492985/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  25. Sawaya H, Sebag IA, Plana JC, Januzzi JL, Ky B, Cohen V, Gosavi S, Carver JR, Wiegers SE, Martin RP, Picard MH, Gerszten RE, Halpern EF, Passeri J, Kuter I, Scherrer-Crosbie M. Early detection and prediction of cardiotoxicity in chemotherapy-treated patients. Am J Cardiol. 2011 May 01; 107(9):1375-80. PMID: [21371685](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21371685); PMCID: [PMC3703314](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3703314).

Citations:
[201](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21371685/citedby/)
Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  26. Montera MW, Grinberg M, Bacelar AC, Moraes RC, Accorsi TA, Colafranceschi AS, Kiyose AT, Ramos AI, Boer BN, Abdulmassih Neto C, Esteves CA, Weksler C, Kruczan DD, Rossi EG, Mesquita ET, Bacal F, Bosh F, Urzua FF, Moraes F, Costa FD, Barbosa GV, Spina GS, Murad H, Plana JC, Krauss J, Carvalho LA, Cardoso LF, Katz M, Vieira ML, Montera MW, Barbosa Mde R, Pomerantzeff PM, Lavitola Pde L, Sampaio RO, Martins SM, Bordignon S, David TE, Rossei V, Tarasoutchi F, Pi?eiro DJ, S?nchez CR, Lopes AS, Fernandes JR, Pires LJ, Fiorelli AI, S?nchez CR, de Brito Junior FS, Hern?ndez HM, Mangione JA, Brito JC, Murillo JR, Paganini JJ, Moura LA, Pires LJ, Barbosa Mde M, Villagr?n OA, Leite RE, Franco S, Dur? VR, ?vila WS. [Brazilian Guidelines for Valve Disease - SBC 2011 / I Guideline Inter-American Valve Disease - 2011 SIAC]. Arq Bras Cardiol. 2011; 97(5 Suppl 1):1-67. PMID: [22286365](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22286365).

Citations:
[36](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/22286365/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  27. [Banchs J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583309), Jefferies JL, Plana JC, Hundley WG. Imaging for cardiotoxicity in cancer patients. Tex Heart Inst J. 2011; 38(3):268-9. PMID: [21720469](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21720469); PMCID: [PMC3113123](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3113123).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/21720469/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:HumansAnimals

  28. Plana JC. Three-dimensional echocardiography in the assessment of cardiac tumors: the added value of the extra dimension. Methodist Debakey Cardiovasc J. 2010 Jul-Sep; 6(3):12-9. PMID: [20834206](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20834206).

Citations:
[1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20834206/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  29. Bathina JD, Daher IN, Plana JC, Durand JB, [Yusuf SW](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583768). Acute myocardial infarction associated with nonbacterial thrombotic endocarditis. Tex Heart Inst J. 2010; 37(2):208-12. PMID: [20401296](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20401296); PMCID: [PMC2851431](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2851431).

Citations:
[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/20401296/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  30. Trent JC, [Patel SS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583257), Zhang J, [Araujo DM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583778), Plana JC, Lenihan DJ, Fan D, Patel SR, Benjamin RS, Khakoo AY. Rare incidence of congestive heart failure in gastrointestinal stromal tumor and other sarcoma patients receiving imatinib mesylate. Cancer. 2010 Jan 01; 116(1):184-92. PMID: [19885836](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19885836); PMCID: [PMC4306337](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4306337).

Citations:
[22](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19885836/citedby/) Fields:

Neo Neoplasms

Translation:HumansCells

  31. Plana JC. Added value of real-time three-dimensional echocardiography in assessing cardiac masses. Curr Cardiol Rep. 2009 May; 11(3):205-9. PMID: [19379640](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19379640).

Citations:
[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19379640/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  32. Braiteh F, Plana JC. Spontaneous haemopericardium with subacute cardiac tamponade in a patient with lung cancer receiving coumadin. QJM. 2009 Aug; 102(8):575. PMID: [19202164](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19202164).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19202164/citedby/) Fields:

Med Medicine (General)

Translation:Humans

  33. Khakoo AY, Kassiotis CM, [Tannir N](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583355), Plana JC, Halushka M, Bickford C, Trent J, Champion JC, Durand JB, Lenihan DJ. Heart failure associated with sunitinib malate: a multitargeted receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor. Cancer. 2008 Jun; 112(11):2500-8. PMID: [18386829](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18386829).

Citations:
[72](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/18386829/citedby/) Fields:

Neo Neoplasms

Translation:Humans

  34. Plana JC, Mikati IA, Dokainish H, Lakkis N, [Abukhalil J](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268077), Davis R, Hetzell BC, Zoghbi WA. A randomized cross-over study for evaluation of the effect of image optimization with contrast on the diagnostic accuracy of dobutamine echocardiography in coronary artery disease The OPTIMIZE Trial. JACC Cardiovasc Imaging. 2008 Mar; 1(2):145-52. PMID: [19356420](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19356420).

Citations:
[23](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/19356420/citedby/) Fields:

Car CardiologyDia Diagnostic ImagingVas Vascular Diseases

Translation:Humans

  35. Win HK, Chang SM, Raizner M, Shah G, Al Basky F, Desai U, Plana JC, Mahmarian JJ, Quinones MA, Zoghbi WA. Percent change in B-type natriuretic peptide levels during treadmill exercise as a screening test for exercise-induced myocardial ischemia. Am Heart J. 2005 Oct; 150(4):695-700. PMID: [16209968](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16209968).

Citations:
[13](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/16209968/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  36. Hartley WB, [Nambi V](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/270211), Plana JC, Shah G, Zoghbi WA. Dyspnea in a patient with a prosthetic mitral valve. J Am Coll Cardiol. 2005 Sep 06; 46(5):CS2-4. PMID: [16237867](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16237867).

Citations:  Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:Humans

  37. Plana JC, Iskander SS, Ostrowski ML, Howell JF, Kurrelmeyer K, [Raizner AE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266535), Zoghbi WA. Cardiac angiosarcoma: an unusual presentation simulating mitral stenosis and constrictive-effusive pericarditis. J Am Soc Echocardiogr. 2003 Dec; 16(12):1331-3. PMID: [14652616](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/14652616).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/14652616/citedby/) Fields:

Dia Diagnostic Imaging

Translation:Humans

  38. Plana JC, Jones PH. The use of statins in acute coronary syndromes: the mechanisms behind the outcomes. Curr Atheroscler Rep. 2001 Sep; 3(5):355-64. PMID: [11487446](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11487446).

Citations:
[2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/11487446/citedby/) Fields:

Vas Vascular Diseases

Translation:HumansAnimals

  39. Lakkis N, Plana JC, Nagueh S, Killip D, Roberts R, Spencer WH. Efficacy of nonsurgical septal reduction therapy in symptomatic patients with obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and provocable gradients. Am J Cardiol. 2001 Sep 01; 88(5):583-6. PMID: [11524078](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11524078).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/11524078/citedby/) Fields:

Car Cardiology

Translation:HumansCTClinical Trials

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 39 publications over 13 distinct years, with a maximum of
8 publications in 2011 and
2013](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|8&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,25,0,13,0,25,0,0,25,25,38,100,75,100,25,0,0,0,13,0,13,13,0,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2001| 2  
2003| 1  
2005| 2  
2008| 2  
2009| 2  
2010| 3  
2011| 8  
2012| 6  
2013| 8  
2014| 2  
2018| 1  
2020| 1  
2021| 1  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

PLANA GOMEZ's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (205)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Echocardiography, Three-Dimensional](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/251592)
  * [Anthracyclines](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/252308)
  * [Heart Neoplasms](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/258284)
  * [Cardiomyopathies](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/256686)
  * [Multimodal Imaging](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/27547313)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8065532/198)

_

Co-Authors (19)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [BANCHS, JOSE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583309)
  * [YUSUF, SYED WAMIQUE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583768)
  * [ABUKHALIL, JOHN](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268077)
  * [RAIZNER, ALBERT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266535)
  * [COULTER, STEPHANIE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268929)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8065532/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [VIRANI, SALIM](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/268389)
  * [KANTARJIAN, HAGOP M](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582901)
  * [BALLANTYNE, CHRISTIE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266404)
  * [BRUERA, EDUARDO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12582968)
  * [BIRNBAUM, YOCHAI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/265899)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8065532/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [CHELU, MIHAIL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/29494265)
  * [GARCIA-SAYAN, ENRIQUE](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/40188750)
  * [LOVELESS, JENNIFER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/23478952)
  * [PAISLEY, ROBERT](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/24844980)
  * [RUBIN, HOWARD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266704)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

