## DHARANI NARENDRA

| | Title| Assistant Professor  
---|---  
Institution| Baylor College of Medicine  
Department| Department of Medicine  
Address| 6620 MAIN  
Houston, TX 77030  
  
Email|
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/EmailHandler.ashx?msg=EqMx82TJKcXbR53o7n%2fQK5SOJBzEkiEX&rnd=93038eb2-0dba-4596-9cca-613d9c29e3d4)  
vCard| [Download
vCard](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/CustomViewPersonGeneralInfo/vcard.aspx?subject=8684235)  
  

  
![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
Bibliographic  

![Collapse](https://profiles.viictr.org/Profile/Modules/PropertyList/images/minusSign.gif)
selected publications

Publications listed below are automatically derived from MEDLINE/PubMed and
other sources, which might result in incorrect or missing publications.
Faculty can
[login](https://profiles.viictr.org/loginOptions.aspx?pin=send&method=login&edit=true)
to make corrections and additions.

Newest | Oldest | Most Cited | Most Discussed | Timeline | Field Summary | Plain Text

PMC Citations indicate the number of times the publication was cited by
articles in PubMed Central, and the Altmetric score represents citations in
news articles and social media. (Note that publications are often cited in
additional ways that are not shown here.) Fields are based on how the National
Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the publication's journal and might not
represent the specific topic of the publication. Translation tags are based on
the publication type and the MeSH terms NLM assigns to the publication. Some
publications (especially newer ones and publications not in PubMed) might not
yet be assigned Field or Translation tags.) Click a Field or Translation tag
to filter the publications.

  1. **Narendra D** , Blixt J, [Hanania NA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266276). Immunological biomarkers in severe asthma. Semin Immunol. 2019 12; 46:101332. PMID: [31735516](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31735516).

Citations:
[9](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31735516/citedby/) Fields:

All Allergy and Immunology

Translation:HumansCells

  2. **Narendra DK** , [Hanania NA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266276). Targeting IL-5 in COPD. Int J Chron Obstruct Pulmon Dis. 2019; 14:1045-1051. PMID: [31190789](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31190789); PMCID: [PMC6529620](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6529620).

Citations:
[11](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/31190789/citedby/) Fields:

Pul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:AnimalsCells

  3. **Narendra DK** , [Hanania NA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266276). Procalcitonin in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Exacerbations: Is It Ready for Primetime Use? Ann Am Thorac Soc. 2017 12; 14(12):1757-1758. PMID: [29192825](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29192825).

Citations:  Fields:

Pul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  4. **Narendra DK** , Hess DR, Sessler CN, Belete HM, [Guntupalli KK](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266913), Khusid F, Carpati CM, Astiz ME, Raoof S. Update in Management of Severe Hypoxemic Respiratory Failure. Chest. 2017 10; 152(4):867-879. PMID: [28716645](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28716645).

Citations:
[18](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/28716645/citedby/) Fields:

Pul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

  5. Patolia S, Schmidt F, Patolia S, Gulati N, Muhammad P, **Narendra D** , Enriquez D, Quist J. Multiple Myeloma With Mixed Lytic and Blastic Bone Lesions With Lymphadenopathy: Rare Manifestation of a Common Disease-Case Presentation and Literature Review. World J Oncol. 2012 Apr; 3(2):78-82. PMID: [29147284](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29147284); PMCID: [PMC5649893](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5649893).

Citations:
[3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/29147284/citedby/)

  6. Patolia S, Zahir M, Schmidt F, Enriquez D, Quist J, Gulati N, Muhammad P, **Narendra D**. Bilateral pneumothorax after bronchoscopy without biopsy--a rare complication: case presentation and literature review. J Bronchology Interv Pulmonol. 2012 Jan; 19(1):57-60. PMID: [23207266](//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23207266).

Citations:
[4](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/23207266/citedby/) Fields:

Pul Pulmonary Medicine

Translation:Humans

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To see the data as
text, click here.

![Bar chart showing 6 publications over 3 distinct years, with a maximum of 2
publications in 2012 and 2017 and
2019](//chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=595x100&chf=bg,s,ffffff|c,s,ffffff&chxt=x,y&chxl=0:|'94||'96||'98||'00||'02||'04||'06||'08||'10||'12||'14||'16||'18||'20||'22||'24|1:|0|2&cht=bvs&chd=t:0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,100,0,0,0,0,100,0,100,0,0,0,0,0&chdl=Publications&chco=80B1D3&chbh=10)

This graph shows the total number of publications by year. To return to the
graph, click here.

Year| Publications  
---|---  
2012| 2  
2017| 2  
2019| 2  
  
This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

This graph shows the number and percent of publications by field. Fields are
based on how the National Library of Medicine (NLM) classifies the
publications' journals and might not represent the specific topics of the
publications. Note that an individual publication can be assigned to more than
one field. As a result, the publication counts in this graph might add up to
more than the number of publications the person has written. To see the data
as text, click here.

Start with: newest oldest Include: line numbers double spacing all authors
publication IDs

NARENDRA's Networks

Click the

Explore

buttons for more information and interactive visualizations!

Concepts (49)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

Derived automatically from this person's publications.

  * [Eosinophils](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/260194)
  * [Interleukin-5 Receptor alpha Subunit](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/241128)
  * [Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/245047)
  * [Interleukin-5](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/258045)
  * [Th2 Cells](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/255914)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8684235/198)

_

Co-Authors (2)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People in Profiles who have published with this person.

  * [HANANIA, NICOLA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266276)
  * [GUNTUPALLI, KALPALATHA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266913)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8684235/345)

_

Similar People (60)
![](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/modules/passivelist/Images/info.png)

People who share similar concepts with this person.

  * [HANANIA, NICOLA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266276)
  * [MARTINEZ, FERNANDO](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583796)
  * [POLVERINO, FRANCESCA](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/36786385)
  * [HUI, DAVID](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/12583538)
  * [CORRY, DAVID](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269165)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/8684235/476)

_

Same Department [ ![Expand
Description](https://profiles.viictr.org/Framework/Images/info.png)
](JavaScript:toggleVisibility\('sdDescript'\);)

People who are also in this person's primary department.

  * [HOWARD, CHRISTOPHER](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/3009983)
  * [JACKSON, DANIEL](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/269585)
  * [KONDAPANENI, MURALI](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/37254367)
  * [MANIAN, PRASAD](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/266908)
  * [MONACO, THOMAS](https://profiles.viictr.org/profile/14348296)

[Explore](https://profiles.viictr.org/search/default.aspx?searchtype=people&searchfor=&SearchRequest=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)

_

